In schools, the use of metric units is the norm, but schools must also teach children about imperial units, which are still in common use in the UK.
The MS.315 is a tailwheel monoplane with a split main landing gear and is powered by a Salmson 9Nc radial engine of 135hp (101kW).
In the following years, he became a full-time war correspondent, covering conflicts in Haiti, Rwanda, Colombia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone and Sudan for publications in Holland, Belgium, Germany and the USA.
Among them was Robert Grosseteste, Bishop of Lincoln, the most important intellectual in England at the time, who recognized Margaret's position as Countess of Lincoln as legitimate and important, and he regarded Margaret as both patron and peer.
However, concerns about other Chinese intentions emerged when it was reported that China had acquired one of Ukraine's T-10K Su-33 prototypes to study and reverse engineer a domestic version.
In March 2005, with the help of former Superfriend, Charles Austin, The Call-Up recorded their self-titled EP "Undecided" in Halifax, Nova Scotia at Austin's Ultramagnetic Studio.
However, there are also non-academic achievers such as Maria Felicia Gunawan, who in 2015 was in charge of carrying the Indonesian flag to the National Palace on Indonesia's Independence Day.
Netscape Internet Service is a discount Internet service provider owned by AOL, the current owner of the Netscape brand name, which is a registered trademark.
He wanted to know if people can respond to figurative speech as fast as literal speech.
The company was previously in partnership with a YouTube channel called "cessna154" for similar tasks.
The Tel Aviv Gillette Marathon is a multi-course event that allows both professional and amateur runners to participate.
In contrast, the dimeric form of M2-PK has a low affinity for phosphoenolpyruvate and is almost inactive at physiological PEP concentrations.
Gregory Jim Rutherford Polanco (born September 14, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder.
In the mid-1950s, there were some attempts to revive the full-page Sunday comic strip, notably Lance and Johnny Reb and Billy Yank.
This is not the case, and this is one of the approximations used to derive the equation.
These researchers also seek to determine the relationship between religion and ancient politics in Wisconsin and the Cahokia area.
The club, founded in 1895, currently plays in the Dutch top division.
The Steel was the first Mexican team to play in an American arena/indoor football league and the first team from outside the United States to play in one since the Toronto Phantoms of the Arena Football League (2001-2002).
Laid down on April 2, 1991, launched on November 11, 1991 and commissioned on April 15, 1992.
The requirements were that it could be used for long-range transport, defensive patrol, reconnaissance, light bombing and torpedo attack.
Sensory stimulation therapy (SS) is an experimental therapy that aims to use neural plasticity mechanisms to help restore somatosensory system function after stroke or cognitive aging.
Galaxy Communications Corp. is run by its founders, Seth A. Redlich and Pedro A. Cordovez.
His father was a member of the Brittany Parliament and the Paris Parliament, and his mother and stepmother were both daughters of Paris Parliament members.
Regina Lynn, in "10 Real Reasons Why Geeks Make Better Lovers," tried to counter the stereotype that "computer nerds" are too socially inept to have relationships.
Poju and his wife Anita are on the ArtReviews "Power 100" list for 2006, 2007 and 2008, which evaluates the titans of the art world.
He was then invited by the Japanese consul on behalf of the Houston Chamber of Commerce and the Southern Pacific Railroad to teach rice production to local farmers in Texas.
Licensed to Barnwell, South Carolina, USA, the station was owned by Bullie Broadcasting Corporation.
Due to the fact that the two mountains are almost continuous, people began to call Signal Peak Mica Peak.
In 1991, during the Slovenian Ten-Day War against the Yugoslav Federal Army, Murska Sobota was bombed from the air, but no casualties or visible damage were reported.
As data centers require a lot of power, the company has contributed a lot to carbon reduction.
Demand is a time-dependent quantity, so is the demand factor.
The combined efforts of the SNH and other cultural and historical groups at the time led to Iran having a monopoly on the recovery of its own artifacts and discoveries.
In 2014 he shared a platform with Michael Mosley on "Medicine and War" at the Cheltenham Science Festival.
First mentioned in 1137, Velsk suffered from floods until it was moved to a higher spot in the 16th century.
This high rate made "A Favorita" the worst telenovela debut in Rede Globo's history.
Upton and Hoffman ignored the "Great American Quilt Revival" trends in quilting that began in the 1960s.
District and Swedish Championships are held annually in all dance styles, as well as Swedish Championships for dance clubs (teams).
He studied in Tübingen, Freiburg, Berlin and Heidelberg, where he received his medical degree in 1910.
The term historical Jesus refers to scholarly reconstructions of the life of Jesus of Nazareth.
In 1652, Sitwell built a furnace at Foxbrooke near Renishaw, which became the core of the largest ironworks in Derbyshire.
There were 86 households, of which 31.4% had children under 18 years old, 58.1% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder without a husband and 27.9% were non-families.
It was Wiesner's only title of the year and the first of his career.
The film is quite old and of poor quality, but it gives visitors a general view of horses and the people who work with them.
In September 2009, the City of San Antonio transferred 2962 acres of land to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department for inclusion in the Government Canyon State Natural Area, bringing the total acreage in the reserve to 11,576.
Two of his sons, Miguel Enr ⁇ quez and Edgardo Enr ⁇ quez, and his ex-son-in-law Juan Bautista van Schouwen (all three leading members of the MIR) were assassinated during the first period of Pinochet's dictatorship.
The song features Lee Roy Parnell on slide guitar, Benmont Tench on piano and Trisha Yearwood on backing vocals.
This followed the municipal elections held on September 22 and will be followed by a federal parliamentary election of the Syrian Democratic Council, the region's highest governing body, originally scheduled for January 2018 but later postponed.
Thanos's implanted memory is what caused Starfox to lose control of his powers, and he agrees to have Moondragon turn them off completely rather than risk hurting more people.
The following is a list of the 530 communes in the Isère department of France.
The topics covered are alien abduction, UFO sightings, UFO crashes, crop circles, paranormal experiences, government conspiracy and much more.
For example, although it does not share the divine mandate of the Catholic Church, King Henry VIII broke the Church "in" England from Rome, but today the modern Church "of" England is portrayed as a perfectly legitimate and respectable organization.
The protests stemmed from the election of a new Jefferson County (Jeffco) school board in November 2013.
North Southwark and Bermondsey was a constituency in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom created in 1997.
The species was first described to the US National Museum by Professors Jordan and Gilbert from the Big Pigeon River.
In January 1990, the same Philippine supplier sent 100 macaques to Hazleton's Texas Primate Center in Alice, Texas, and another 100 to Hazleton's Reston unit.
Marcus Aurelius Olympius Nemesianus, Roman poet, thought to be a native of Carthage and flourished about AD 283.
It was last played at Empire Lakes Golf Course in Rancho Cucamonga, California, USA.
Anna extends her jaws to reveal her reptilian teeth and devours the soldier.
Some Jefferson County residents thought teachers were encouraging students to skip class and protest, but one of the leaders of the Columbine High School protests said that was not true.
It was named after the Presumpscot River, where large amounts of the characteristic blue-gray clay are found.
The Dhahran airfield continued to serve as the commercial and military air hub of the Eastern Province until the completion of King Fahd International Airport near Dammam in 1999.
It was produced by London Weekend Television from 1969 to 1970 and spawned many sequels with many of the same characters, which ran until 1991.
Internal sizing is applied to almost all papers, especially those made by machines, while surface sizing is added to the highest grade of bond, ledger and writing papers.
In a 1962 survey of reporters asking what magazines they cited in their work, "The Reporter" came in fourth place after "Time", "U.S. News & World Report" and "Newsweek", with no other publication coming close.
Baker was then the owner of WWBZ in McClellanville and had recently acquired WNCK in Port Royal.
Lomas Verdes is a middle-class neighborhood in the city of Naucalpan de Juárez, in the state of Mexico.
It merged with the Liberal Union and the minor Middle Class Party, Neutral Party and Economic League to form the Liberal Democratic Party, the Freedom League.
Raul V. Fabella (born April 12, 1949, Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, Philippines), Filipino academic economist and National Scientist of the Philippines.
This original guest house was built on a peninsula on Blue Mountain Lake.
As of the 2000 census, there were 33,698 people, 12,600 households and 8,883 families living in the town.
Pauahi was the eldest daughter of Chief Pauli Kaoleioku by his first wife, Alii Keoua-Wahine.
In 2001-09 he was director of the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum of the Smithsonian Institution in New York.
The episode begins with CJ being summoned to the office of White House Counsel Oliver Babish, who menacingly questions CJ about the President's MS cover-up, despite the fact that she was only informed the night before.
The pair must navigate the various passages and floors of the castle to find and free Blobette.
Since the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, there has been a legal debate on the action.
In February 1943, the 58th Fighter Group received new Curtiss P-40 Warhawks and took them to North Africa aboard the USS Ranger.
Directed by Paul Lynch, the episode was written by D.C. Fontana under the pseudonym "J. Michael Bingham", with John D.F. Black also credited for his role in the plot's origin.
In the Br ⁇ hma ⁇ as, Indra kills a greedy pig that stole the treasure of the asuras and gives its carcass to Vishnu, who offers it as a sacrifice to the gods.
When Pinto was 10, she began reading a neighbor's copy of "Women's Wear Daily".
The Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets were an amateur hockey team that existed from (1915-1925, 1930-1932).
Later in 1931, he was placed under house arrest by Chiang because of legislative disagreements.
The first three biodiversity hotspots identified by the founders of Haiti National Trust and their team were declared national parks by Haitian President Michel Martelly and his government.
The projection can be computed as an oblique aspect of the Peirce quincuncial projection by rotating the axis 45 degrees.
One eats it directly, the other puts it in water and eats it.
The data is transmitted in 128 frames, which takes 4 minutes to complete.
There have also been unconfirmed reports of stray tigers in the forest reserve by local indigenous people.
After the most successful season, when the club was near the top of the II Yugoslavian League and Celje even qualified for the I Yugoslavian League, Slovenia declared its independence.
Although this is true, as seen in "A Hole In The World", Wesley's suspicions here are mainly jealousy and paranoia.
Yamaguchi began at Japan's 3 Rensho company, building frames for professional keirin riders, the most famous being 10-time world sprint champion Koichi Nakano.
Made on a budget of , "Fashion" was released on October 29, 2008 to critical acclaim and box office success.
In October 1989, 100 cynomolgus macaques ("Macaca fascicularis") were imported from Mindanao Island in the Philippines via Amsterdam and New York to Hazleton Research Products (now Covance), Primate Quarantine Unit in Reston, Virginia.
The guideline does not cover artificial structures in space such as artificial satellites, spacecraft, space probes, space stations or space telescopes.
The remaining front runners, committed to a two-stop strategy, stayed on the track longer, with Hinchcliffe and Alexander Rossi the first to peel off on lap 28.
Guillaume Levasseur, de Beauplan (c. 1600-6 December 1673) or "William le Vasseur de Beauplan" was a French-Polish cartographer, engineer and architect.
It contained many popular dance hits of the time from artists such as Leftfield, Fluke and 2 Bad Mice as well as original productions and remixes from the duo themselves.
The group was founded in mid-2014 and stands ideologically between the Left Platform and Alexis Tsipras' core supporters.
Still in character from the play she had just performed, "The Shape of Things", Rachel shortened their names to Al and Al.
The first "legal population" after 1999 under this new law came into force on January 1, 2009, based on the 2006 census.
Across Roxas Boulevard is the US Embassy, and a few blocks away are Robinsons Place Manila, the historic Luneta Park and the walled city of Intramuros.
The candy-apple red jacket became the "hottest outerwear trend of the mid-1980s" and was widely imitated.
Peter Gadiot trained classically at the London Drama Centre and has appeared in many stage productions.
The Main Hall ("hond ⁇ ") was originally a "tacch ⁇ " (sub-temple) of My ⁇ shin-ji and was built in 1616 by the order of the samurai Fukushima Masanori.
Mar 1, 2005, it is the only novel of Korczak translated into English, although several of his pedagogical works have also been translated.
After the war, he tried to establish an English national opera throughout the 1920s, but could not get the financial support needed to maintain a permanent company.
However, the next encounters would follow a different pattern, as D'Humières was replaced by Luxembourg, who would win every battle.
A Bukkake Ninja had standard Ninja training, but is said to have had extra rigorous training to develop the ability to produce massive streams of ejaculate with very short recovery periods.
Reveley's areas of academic specialization include administrative law, citizen lawyers, commercial nuclear power, and constitutional law-war powers.
Almost without exception, the Keetoowahs sided with the North during the Civil War.
Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt (born Maria Mercedes Morgan; August 23, 1904 - February 13, 1965) was a Swiss-born American socialite best known as the mother of fashion designer and artist Gloria Vanderbilt and maternal grandmother of television journalist Anderson Cooper.
In the mathematical field of topology, a section (or cross section) of a fiber bundle E is a continuous right inverse of the projection function  ⁇  pi.
During the 1965 war, his son Mahmud was a Pakistani army officer and the opposition demanded his removal from the government.
On December 10, 2003, she became one of the few council members not to be re-elected.
Despite government attention, Böszörmény managed to keep his power base in Tisza, preaching a mixture of anti-Semitism and land reform.
They are incorporated under Wolf Park, Inc., located in the small town of Battle Ground, Indiana.
They then broke into a short segment of Michael Jackson's "Beat It", which led fans to believe they were going to play Thriller.
In 2008-2009, BICOM received £ 800,000 from Zabluodowicz, who also pledged to provide further support to the organization.
Sancho is the author of more than two hundred scientific papers and books for the general public.
In fact, he hired the famous lawyer Roy Cohn to defend him.
Dagsa was made a barangay on June 21, 1959 under Republic Act No. 2563.
Dean was elected as a Democrat to the 45th Congress, serving from 1878 to 1879.
Voigt hopped from place to place until he went to live with his sister in Rixdorf near Berlin.
These views are rarely uniform even within cultures and are affected by views of consent, marriage and gender roles, and by perceptions of social and economic differences between age groups.
This report was made during the famous expedition that made the entire Northeast Passage for the first time in history.
Steve Walsh also said that the band has no plans to re-release the video in its entirety, they consider it an embarrassment and consider fans lucky if they have a copy.
Hannu Toivonen is a member of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters, and a regular member of the Finnish Academy of Technology.
Du has also modeled for the covers of the Chinese, Hong Kong and Singaporean editions of "Elle", the Chinese and Singaporean Harper's Bazaar and the Chinese "Numéro".
Juan Tizol (December 31, 1900 - April 23, 1984) was a Puerto Rican trombonist and composer of "Caravan" and "Perdido".
"Helplessly Hoping" is a 1969 song by the American folk rock group Crosby, Stills and Nash.
From the 1970s to the 1990s, all undergraduate students at the University of Ottawa were required to pass a second language proficiency test to meet graduation requirements.
In the Philippines, it has acquired the meaning of a small gift or souvenir from a traveler, either during a visit or upon returning home.
Other first-class matches included the usual tour games with universities and end-of-season festival cricket.
Centennial Place is a pair of skyscrapers under construction in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Patton served as senior adviser and director of public engagement for the US Department of Housing and Urban Development, appearing at events alongside HUD Secretary Ben Carson.
The issue of future land reform was also prominent in some of his speeches.
The first three seasons of "Designer Guys" were hosted by Chris Hyndman and Steven Sabados, who currently host "Design Rivals" and "So Chic."
He was a non-playing substitute when "the cats" won both the Leinster and All-Ireland titles in 1963.
The first issue appeared on August 8, 1703, making the Wiener Zeitung one of the oldest still-published newspapers in the world.
It is surface mined, immediately screened and bagged, and supplied in various grades: the deeper mined grade is somewhat harder and more useful in horticulture than the shallower mined grades.
"Tight A$" is a song written by John Lennon and released on his 1973 album "Mind Games".
Then they branched out into different themes, co-authoring bestsellers such as "The Jester", "Lifeguard" and "Judge and Jury".
In 1987, Chad reported to the UN that it had destroyed eight F-260s and captured nine others during its border war with Libya. Some of these Libyan second-hand aircraft may have even found their way to the US market.
The old "Reichsstraße" ran from the far west of Germany through Aachen and Cologne to Berlin, then continued eastward to end about 200 miles northeast of Königsberg in East Prussia.
The end of the Vallesian and the beginning of the Turolian brought the extinction in the west of the faunas dominated by the bovids and giraffids characteristic of the so-called sub-Paratethyan or Greek-Iranian province.
Nanao, opened in 1898 as Nanae Line, and Kabe Line from Hiroshima, opened in 1909-1911 as a 2'6" gauge light railway, never reaching the proposed Hamada on the Sea of Japan coast.
This exhibition game was very controversial as it was expected that the Excalibur women's hockey team would wear quad skates for this game.
He currently holds the E. N. Basha Chair at Arizona State University and is a research associate of the NBER.
He is survived by his wife Linda, his adopted son and his former wife and longtime business partner Mary Faith Rhoads.
However, in another account, he claimed he went to Cornwall to inspect one of the poorly performing estates.
Most countries in the first half of the 19th century used a "bimetallic" (two metals) standard that used both silver and gold.
The old inns have been converted into houses or business properties, such as George House and Sun Pottery, or demolished.
The connection would be a short route along US 87E between Ranchester and Sheridan (the current US 14 between Greybull and Burgess Junction was then known as WYO 416).
In 2012, a "Friends of Morley Station" group was formed and is addressing some of its problems.
As part of the process of alignment with Directive 80/181/EEC, the Weights and Measures Act 1986 formally removed from the statute book a large number of imperial units of measure that had fallen into disuse as a result of the metrication programme to date.
The Nesthäkchen books represent a German literary genre, the ', a girl's novel about maturation, aimed at readers aged 12-16.
His sight began to deteriorate in both eyes and this progressive loss of sight forced him to retire from the opera stage seven years later, although his voice was still in top condition.
While most people find it harmless and fun, some find it hard to take.
The classic "Concubine" is a killer start to the live album, showing the rawness of the band's earlier work updated a bit with the live performance.
Rann is the third longest serving Premier of South Australia and the longest serving South Australian Labor leader.
The President of the Republic of Namibia is the head of state and government and the commander-in-chief of the armed forces under the Namibian Constitution.
A pennate or pinnate muscle (also called a penniform muscle) is a muscle with fascicles that attach obliquely (in a slanted position) to its tendon.
In the mathematical field of topology, a section (or cross section) of a fiber bundle ⁇  pi is a continuous right inverse of the projection function ⁇  pi.
In August 1963, Kirchherr met Lennon and Cynthia in Paris, where they were both on a belated honeymoon, while Kirchherr was there with a girlfriend for a few days' holiday.
However, when NASA's budget for 1969 was cut, the focus shifted to the Skylab space station proposal, which could accommodate the equipment already specified for some AAP missions.
In a baroque palace, access to the enfilade suite of state rooms was usually restricted by the rank or degree of intimacy of the visitor.
Some claim that even the Kaiser was amused by the incident.
Sardar Fateh Mohammad Khan, after overthrowing Shah Shuja's rule in Peshawar, laid the foundation of this huge garden in 1810.
It is also the hometown of Evangelina de la Cruz Macaraeg Macapagal, wife of 9th President Diosdado Macapagal and mother of 14th President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
William Thomas Nichols (March 24, 1829 - April 10, 1882) was a 19th century politician, soldier and businessman.
Rev. Guy Ramsay was president of the Baptist Union of Scotland in the late 1940s.
The principle of the internal market, backed by a European Court of Justice ruling, required that any product legally produced anywhere in the EU could, in most cases, be sold anywhere in the EU.
George and his family attended the tsar's funeral, but they were ignored as much as possible by the Imperial family until Alexander III approached his father's widow and spoke to the widowed princess.
About 50% of viewers watch TV for one to three hours a day.
In 2011, Fairway expanded with two more locations, one on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, which opened on July 20, and the other in Douglaston, Queens, which opened on November 16.
Siegfried played college basketball at Ohio State University, and his career there overlapped with future Hall of Famers Jerry Lucas and John Havlicek.
Many times the Romans set fire to the forts, and even King Grumbates' son was killed in one of the failed attempts.
His jaw-dropping war, disaster and health images left millions speechless.
John Strype, on the other hand, seems to have seen the petition and according to him it was presented to Parliament.
Arlington station is located on Arlington Street and Copley station is on Dartmouth Street in Copley Square.
Cadithi first published her poems and essays in journals such as Vayavya, Cha, Boiler Journal and Muse India.
The Environment and Sustainability Institute (ESI) is a £30 million interdisciplinary research centre with a mandate to find solutions to environmental change problems.
Stephen George Davies received his BA in 1973 from New College, University of Oxford and his D.Phil. (supervised by Dr. Gordon Whitham) in 1975, also at the University of Oxford.
In the last decades of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century, the aid consisted of a few steamships a year sent from Vladivostok, bringing flour, sugar and household supplies.
This reduction was partly due to the opening of a second light rail line by TriMet in September 1998, which doubled the frequency of service on the MAX line used by the faux-vintage streetcars.
The activities of the intelligence unit ended when its members were arrested after the formal occupation of Istanbul on March 16, 1920.
This is Elvenking's first concept album, with lyrics centered around the death of a beautiful woman.
In December of the same year, it was renamed "Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic".
Aimery I de Rouchefoucould (died 1151) was Viscount of Châtellerault and father of Aenor de Châtellerault.
The International School of Macaé (ISoM) is an English-speaking school located in Macaé, Brazil.
Bellamy decided to audition for a group formed by Joe Meek, which was advertised in the music press.
Edwards explains the process of the backup president and then correctly surmises that it was not the robot pretending to be the president who died, but the president himself.
Other minor differences include Hyde calling Eric by his first name instead of "Foreman", and Eric calling Red "Pop" instead of "Dad" or "Sir".
Panara was very interested in theater and developed some of the first plays for deaf actors and audiences.
"High Lonesome Sound" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Vince Gill.
Camille McGee Kelley (1879-1955) was an American juvenile court judge and author.
He was a headstrong and hasty man, and these traits contributed to his poor choices.
The Rancho, as it is now known, quickly expanded after it was designated a respiratory center for polio patients in 1951.
In the late 1970s she left art to join the feminist movement with critic Carla Lonzi.
The Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is a far-left Greek revolutionary group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
When implemented in Twelf, binders can often be directly encoded using the technique of higher-order abstract syntax (HOAS), in which meta-language (Twelf) binders are used to represent object-level binders.
It is one of the most famous newspapers in Europe and the oldest newspaper still in print in the world.
Given a formal language "L", "L"  ⁇  is the  ⁇ -language of all infinite sequences of words from "L", in the functional view, of all functions  ⁇  mathbb  ⁇  "L".
Most of the half-buried huts had simple open fireplaces in the center or near the wall, but ovens were also found in some buildings.
Other than the basal cross vein, the pterostigma is not crossed by veins.
The Los Angeles Kings played the San Jose Sharks at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, California on February 21, 2015.
Wentian is raised by Mi Jiutou (one of the bodyguards) and grows up to be a gregarious martial artist who values friendship and righteousness.
In 1995, Donnelly received a Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of California in Los Angeles.
Sigma Chi Eta (SCH) is a junior college honor society representing the National Communication Association (NCA).
During most of 2011, WCAT broadcast a sports talk format in simulcast with sister stations WRSA (1420 AM) and WFAD (1490 AM) as "Fox Sports Vermont".
Surface-active agents are amphipathic molecules with both hydrophilic (water-loving) and hydrophobic (water-repelling) ends.
Uttar Pradesh, the largest state in India, has the highest quota of Haj pilgrims in India.
Mark Stanley and Scott Crawford played guitar on the album, who would play on other albums, mainly "Pure Rock Fury" in 2001, with the band in later years.
It became the first Rede Record telenovela to top the S ⁇ o Paulo TV ratings.
A sample of dialogue from the 1946 film "Two Sisters from Boston" was used as an introduction to the album's first track, "Don't Fall".
A model of Homa u'migdal was built for the Israel Pavilion at the 1937 World's Fair in Paris.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are ochreous fuscous with a small ochreous-white oblique wedge-shaped mark on the costa at four-fifths.
Earl of Argyll would later be partly responsible for Regent Morton's fall from power and loss of regency in 1578.
In the late 1950s, the provision of Oslo breakfasts in schools had largely ceased, sometimes replaced by more popular hot meals, sometimes just dropped as rising prosperity made the provision of free school meals less necessary.
The NLA Tower, Britain's 88th tallest building, is an example of the town's original 1970s architecture.
She holds an apple in her hand, recalling Aphrodite's victory in the Parisian contest (in which the goddess won an apple entitled "the fairest").
It has a picture of Holloway scoring the winning touchdown, with a dozen LSU fans in the background.
Mercury merged with three UK cable operators (Vidéotron, Nynex and Bell Cablemedia) in 1997 and was renamed Cable & Wireless Communications.
He rules from heaven and "works in mysterious ways" to guide creation to the ultimate good of His children.
This is not the first time the community has reversed a feature deployment: a recent discussion on the English Wikipedia led to the partial removal of the article feedback feature.
James was born in central London in March 1954 and lived in Bedford Square for most of his childhood.
In Berlin, she hoped to get hold of Augustus' secret marriage contract, which was in the hands of her cousin Detlev Christian Rantzau, who was held in Spandau Fortress.
Unfortunately, there is no evidence to support such a statement and Freddi's assertion should be regarded with suspicion.
The climate of the Soave region is influenced by the mists that come from the Po Valley in the autumn and can bring viticultural hazards such as mold and other grape diseases.
During the Fourth Coalition War against Napoleon, Bernadotte's troops occupied neutral Lübeck after a battle with Blücher on November 6, 1806.
The Admiralty inquiry ruled out damage from enemy action and sabotage, even though captured members of the Torricelli crew were on board.
Quebec is the second most populous province in Canada with 7,903,001 inhabitants as of 2011 and the largest in land area.
A certain educated stranger later appeared in the "barrio" and taught the settlers of the barangay.
Mike James (born April 13, 1991) is an American football running back who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).
The first issue of Boom Boom Magazine was published in 2006 during Copenhagen Music Week, which culminated in the MTV Music Awards.
This allowed companies to offer a new form of communication, more commonly known as "cell phones".
Maresfield has its own school, Bonners Church of England School, but older children go to Uckfield Community Technology College.
The Earth is home to millions of species of plants and animals, including humans.
Halfway through the game, he is imprisoned by Vaati, who transforms into a king and orders his soldiers to find the Light Force for him.
The 2010 Generali Ladies Linz was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
In 2008, Short won a Grammy for his work on the album "The Live Wire," the only known live recording of the legendary folk artist Woody Guthrie.
Sabah Sarawak Keluar Malaysia (SSKM) is a separatist organization that aims to separate Sabah and Sarawak from Malaysia.
Bourbon Barrel Foods' Bourbon and Vanilla flavored Sweet Sorghum puts a unique spin on "Kentucky Maple Syrup"TM.
In 1763, Johansson published a dissertation, "Centuria insectorum rariorum", which includes descriptions of 102 insect and crustacean species sent to Linnaeus from Carolina, Pennsylvania, Surinam and Java.
He held many art classes in his Reading studio to encourage the development of art in Berks County and elsewhere in Pennsylvania.
Warrior King was born in Kingston but moved to Clarendon, Jamaica in his early years.
He was fired on March 4, 2012, but he was recalled by Vicenza on April 29, 2012, but he could not save the team from relegation.
The Ombudsman was theoretically independent of the legal profession and the Scottish Executive (but see below). The Ombudsman's findings and recommendations were not reviewed by Scottish Ministers or the Scottish Executive.
She had obtained a Russian version of the Protocols of Zion from the notorious white Russian and anti-Semitic tsarist officer Boris Brasol, and then, on her own initiative, asked for and received permission to translate it into English.
The most direct evidence of US complicity is a memo from NSC staffer Bob Komer to President John F. Kennedy on the night of the coup, February 8, 1963.
Bobcats, coyotes, gray foxes and rarely mountain lions inhabit the area but are rarely seen by visitors.
Moses Lamidi (born January 5, 1988 in Lagos) is a German-Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
Lettsom then set up a medical practice in Tortola and, as the only doctor on the island, accumulated a small fortune of £ 2,000 in just six months, of which he gave half to his mother (who had remarried) and returned to England.
At its inner end, an active glacier flowing from the massive Karpinsky Glacier in the northwest, as well as other active glaciers flowing from the University Glacier in the southwest, flow into the western shore of the fjord.
It plugs directly into the Silverlight application it automates and has access to every element / object in the entire Silverlight application.
The electric blue crayfish is a genetic variant of the naturally occurring crayfish "Procambarus alleni".
The Meopham Air Disaster occurred on July 21, 1930, when a Junkers F13ge from Le Touquet to Croydon with two crew and four passengers crashed near Meopham, Kent, killing all on board.
The forewings are 7-8 mm long and resemble those of "Epeiromulona lephina", but the black spots on the upper side are slightly more prominent.
It describes the ancient Maya civilization, the conquest by Spain in the 1520s, hundreds of years of oppression, and the modern struggle of the Maya for self-determination and a Mayan renaissance.
Borgatti took part in a historic musical event at La Scala in 1901 when he was asked to sing at a "grand memorial concert" organized to mark Verdi's recent death.
The piece is sometimes confused with Ramon Llull's "Plant of the Verge".
The Living Tribunal, concerned with fairness, appointed She-Hulk as prosecutor.
Based in Huntsville, Alabama, ADTRAN products enable voice, data, video and Internet communications over copper, fiber and wireless network infrastructures.
In 1962, a house was bought at the corner of W. Mulberry Avenue and Howard Street to house the kindergarten program.
With CEO James McCray, he has established GridAgents as the forerunner of the next generation of distributed energy resources, demand response, smart grid and smart city management systems and platforms.
Subsequent comments should be made on an appropriate discussion page (such as the category talk page or a).
In 1939, Hitler unofficially nicknamed the vehicle "Schwarz Vogel" (Black Bird) and ordered it to be painted in German national colors with the German Adler (Eagle) and Hakenkreuz (Swastika/Bent Cross).
She was part of the team that won the UEFA Women's Euro 2017.
After years of planning and trial brews from Everards Brewery in Leicester and Nethergate Brewery in Essex, the new Truman's brewery in Hackney Wick was completed in August 2013.
This work also included learning ways to compress audio and video files while testing the security of Navy's chaotic code.
The geometric composition of the tunic front, decorated with circles and floral motifs, recalls the refined and Moorish fabrics so highly regarded in the Christian West at the time.
Francesco (de) Ficoroni (1664-1747) John Edwin Sandys, "A History of Classical Scholarship" 1908: 380.
As a trilateral organization that brings together Jordanian, Palestinian and Israeli environmentalists, its main goal is to promote cooperation to protect a shared environmental heritage.
Now that lean methods are moving into other industries such as financial services, healthcare, government and education, there are some initial examples of lean accounting in these industries.
Philip VanBrugh (c. 1681-1753) naval officer and Commodore Governor of Newfoundland, born in Chester, England, and baptized there on 31 January 1681/2.
The large stage of Drury Lane Theatre with its hydraulics and moving parts made it exciting to watch.
From 1917 he made frequent trips to the Western Australian bush to experience first-hand life in the bush and deserts of Outback Australia.
In the early 1990s, they broadcast their own automated formats, first metal as "The Crusher", then alternative rock as "The Warp".
The couple has three children and owns two houses in Kifisia, an office in Athens and a holiday home in Preveza, all thanks to the large estate of Tsakalotos' father.
For months, the people of Sogod and the surrounding villages did not eat fish caught in the bay.
In 1904, he became the first Italian tenor invited to sing at the Bayreuth Festival in Germany.
The group's first three releases were issued by Gravity Records, a label also considered to have played a major role in the "San Diego sound."
The term itself has been used since the 1970s, although in recent years the terms mini, micro or midi hi-fi or integrated hi-fi have been preferred.
From the mid-1940s to at least the 1980s, "thirds" were the most common comic strip format, and "thirds" are still common today.
The Council was composed of 15 councillors elected from three electoral areas (Ballycastle, Giant's Causeway and The Glens) every four years by a system of proportional representation.
Khasari is a village in the Bilaspur district of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
In combat situations, there can be 60 additional combat personnel such as pilots, gunners and other support officers and about 8000 ground troops.
The Baptist Union of Scotland accepted Thomas Ramsay as lay pastor in 1901 when the Maybole Baptist Church opened.
Three years later, Ford Motor Company decided to use the Sierra name for its Cortina/Taunus replacement and served a legal writ against Dutton demanding that it stop using the name.
Robson scored and Seaman "saw his soft penalty saved by his opponent" to give United a 5-4 win and the Shield.
She continued to enjoy this secret influence on the king when her son Archibald succeeded his father as 7th Earl in 1584.
In this discussion, an editor (and apparently a Wikipedia administrator) took the position that at least one editor should be considered "disruptive" to the process.
It is located about south-east of Pogorzela, south-east of Gosty ⁇  and south of the regional capital Pozna ⁇ .
Euclides Tsakalotos (born 1960 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is the Chief Economic Spokesman of the Greek government.
Bernheim distillery was then bought by Heaven Hill Distilleries in the late 1990s and was extensively renovated to become Heaven Hill's main distillery.
According to the now popular theory of S. E. Jaxontov, the "chongniu" division III syllables (together with all syllables in division II) had a medial "-r-" in Old Chinese.
The "standard social science model" sees the brain as a large domain-general structure whose functions have evolved gradually through cultural input.
After the untimely death of Abacha in 1998, Diya was not pardoned by the late president's successor, Abdusalami Abubakar.
A few other men fell and escaped, but I do not know their names.
The stills were taken with a Pentax 24x36 and the moving image segment was shot with a 35mm Arriflex.
The "sitio" was elevated to the status of barangay on June 21, 1959 under Republic Act No. 2563.
Boukar Tjilas Mahé Soum Diouf is said to have come into conflict with Fangool Tamba Faye (the "Great Fangoo of Ndiob").
His parents, Larry Sarner and Linda Rosa, are leaders of the advocacy group Advocates for Children in Therapy.
The barangay has a large number of migrants from other parts of the Philippines and also has a number of foreigners who have intermarried with the locals.
Kurus eventually became obsolete due to chronic inflation in Turkey in the late 1970s.
Cylon's early customers included UCD and Dunnes Stores, and now supplies systems to projects in the Middle East, US and Africa.
On February 17, 2007, the Minnesota Thunder announced the signing of Smith to a two-year contract.
Dolcetto wines are known for their black cherry and licorice flavors with a hint of prunes and a characteristic bitter finish reminiscent of almonds.
They also prefer a ritual for the dead, which consists of wrapping the body in a petite, which is a straw mat, and burying it with items needed for the journey to the afterlife.
The median household income in the city was $84,879 and the median family income was $90,783.
The Orleans Quarter was the first French settlement on the island in the early 17th century, next to an indigenous village.
Margaret Dumont was cremated on March 6, 1965, and her ashes were stored in a vault at the Chapel of the Pines Crematory in Los Angeles.
The star radiates 91 times the brightness of the Sun from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 5,039 K. It has an optical companion of magnitude 9.36 at an angular separation of 81.9 arc seconds along a position angle of 220 °,
The worst case was Okinawa, which lost its railways until the opening of Yui Rail in 2003.
Lotupue David Aupiu (born February 10, 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League.
There was a siding behind the up platform, but the goods yard was on the north side of the down platform and consisted of two sidings, both serving a small goods dock.
He was chairman of Yorkshire Water, Coopers & Lybrand and De La Rue plc and chairman of the Higher Education Funding Council for England.
A female channeler who does not want to become a damane (usually a woman who was not raised in the Seanchan culture) has her will broken in a long process involving both physical pain and emotional manipulation.
The 2006 festival was described by "Hot Press" as "a small electric picnic held in the grounds of a 17th-century castle with the added bonus of indoor toilets and showers".
Fraser, p.402 Among them was "the Great Harry", a diamond given to Mary on the occasion of her first marriage by her father-in-law, King Henry II of France.
In January 2005, she sang at a charity gala for tsunami victims held at the Brisbane Concert Hall.
Nick Jensen (born September 21, 1990) is an American ice hockey defenseman who currently plays for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
There is evidence of a seventh-century church on the site, and the oldest part of the current church dates from around 1150.
She managed to get a travel passport from the Soviet government, possibly in exchange for cooperation, which led to permission to leave Russia.
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,116 people, 437 households and 312 families living in the town.
Industry days are usually held in succession, with each event attracting fewer people as contractors withdraw their bids.
After nearly a decade of performances in various Soviet venues, Larin made his debut in the West.
The tanker was bombed and sunk in the North Sea off Dunkerque, Nord, France.
The "Mendocino" was designed by In-Cat and built by Nichols Bros. It was the second catamaran put into service by Golden Gate Ferry.
Since the 1950s, a large Indo-Caribbean American community has developed in Richmond Hill, a neighborhood in Queens, New York.
He later forced Kato Saemon, lord of the Kato district, to retire to Nagasaki under pressure from his brothers.
Licensed to Port Moody, British Columbia and operating at 98.7 FM, the station serves the Tri-Cities area.
This also explains the addiction to pipe smoking, which is prevalent throughout the island, and the very high incidence of lung and mouth cancers in the population.
A flying boat with a fuselage similar to the Boeing 314 using Allison V-1710 engines.
Atlas became a Gardner Denver compressor distributor in the 1940s and remains one of the largest independent compressed air distributors in the United States.
In the women's graves, hairpins, earrings of the "Saltovo" type, bracelets, pendants, collar ornaments and buttons were found.
The cars were driven by 2008 World Drivers' Champion Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, who remained with the team for the second and fifth seasons respectively.
Nick Sirota (born January 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Dinamo Riga.
Barbara Jane (Bobbie) Sparrow, PC (born July 11, 1935) is a former Canadian politician.
But he did not become a great opera star until 1896, when he created the title role in Umberto Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" at Milan's La Scala to great acclaim.
The inhabitants then built the present shrine, which was opened in 1863 along with a small Franciscan cloister and a primary school.
South Africa could have had another wicket three balls later as Ponting edged through the spread slips cordon and Ponting was also dropped on 17 by Andre Nel.
Judge Clarie received a Ph.B. from Providence College in 1933 and an LL.B. from Hartford College (now the University of Connecticut) in 1938.
Residents of several towns, with a notable concentration in Al Khor, fled to Kuwait after the group's dissolution.
Fuad Gazibegovi ⁇  is a Bosnian-born Slovenian footballer who can play as a midfielder or left-back.
The Dodgers in the 1958 season posted a 71-83 win-loss record, finished seventh (out of eight teams) in the NL and never led the league.
Most historians agree that remnants of Avars, Slavs, Bulgars and possibly Vlachs (or Romanians) inhabited the region in the.
The Arakawa River is one of the main rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital of Japan.
Known for his technical achievements in visual effects and winner of the MTV Video Music Award.
She was hanged ten days before the camp was liberated by the Allies.
Stewart writes a series of articles on how to make scale models in a magazine called Miniature Mechanic, which is very well regarded in the modeling community.
Kelsang Khyenrab is the current spiritual director of the NKT and resident teacher at Manjushri KMC, the mother center of Kadampa Buddhism.
The main line would then climb to Ysbytty Ystwyth and Cwmystwyth, and on to Llanidloes.
Born Natalia Cavalieri in Viterbo, Latium, she lost her parents at the age of fifteen and became a state ward, sent to live in a Roman Catholic orphanage.
The US Federal Aviation Regulations require pilots and air traffic controllers to have periodic flight physicals to perform their aviation-related duties.
In 1896, Bernheim Brothers & Uri bought the Pleasure Ridge Park Distillery and renamed it Bernheim Distillery Co. After purchasing this distillery, they began producing an elite whiskey brand called I.W. Harper.
However, he was unable to consolidate his power and quickly lost the support of his allies, including his grandmother Samur.
The Monkey Tree phenomenon is a social phenomenon in Singapore that began in September 2007.
There were three initial dolls in the line, Sandy (who was the cover girl in the first Sea-Wee TV commercial and advertising spots) and her friends Coral and Shelly.
In the controversial campaign, Clymer's camp produced some of the most virulently racist posters and pamphlets of the decade.
After marrying her fourth husband Paolo d'Arvanni, Cavalieri returned to Italy with her husband.
Former Czech Prime Minister Milos Zeman insulted Posselt and called him "a Hitler who was treated in a fattening station."
Chilstrom was born April 20, 1921 in Zumbrota, a small town in southeast Minnesota.
"Mr. Bojangles/I Will Talk And Hollywood Will Listen" is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams released as a double A-side exclusively in Eastern Europe in early 2002.
Together, The Pop Ups draw on musical and visual inspiration to create a world that aims to educate and engage audiences.
He says that the masterpieces that have been admired throughout history were created with the power of imagination, not observation.
Before becoming a lawyer, Biles was a reporter for the Kansas division of Associated Press from 1975 to 1980.
Mack W. Herron (born July 24, 1948 in Biloxi, Mississippi) is a former American football running back who played in the NFL from 1973 to 1976.
At that time, the average rice yield using Honduran or Carolina seeds was 18-20 barrels per acre, while Japanese seeds yielded 34 barrels per acre.
After repairs in New York, "George Mangham" sailed on 9 December to join the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron for blockade duty off Murrells Inlet, South Carolina.
In restaurant terminology, a "table d'hôte" menu is a menu where multi-course meals with few choices are charged at a fixed price.
As a director of photography, his technical background has also won him many awards in cinematography and direction.
In 1901, he took part in a "grand concert" at La Scala, organized to mark Verdi's recent death.
In early November 2011, Gensler stepped aside from the CFTC's investigation of the giant derivatives broker MF Global because of his ties to MF Global CEO Jon Corzine, for whom Gensler worked while both were at Goldman Sachs.
The Dutch used two English defectors, one a dissident named Robert Holland and the other a smuggler who had fled English justice.
An old rebellious professor (Claude Rains) living in a greenhouse next door with his dog Fidian comes to terms with his dislike for the rest of the observatory staff and reluctantly agrees to help stop "the outsider" from destroying the planet.
The Eastern Telegraph Group benefited greatly from the diversion of business to India and East Asia, away from the German-owned overland routes, and from the general use of telegrams instead of letters, which were delayed by the lack of civilian shipping.
It is bypassed by a dual carriageway section of the A30 trunk road; before the bypass was built, the hamlet straddled the A30 road.
The date of the fibula falls exactly in the period of gradual Christianization of the Alamanni (the bishopric of Konstanz was founded around 600 AD), so both possibilities are equally likely.
It is available in North America via DirecTV and GlobeCast World TV in the US and Aurora Cable in Canada through an agreement with broadcaster Ethnic Channels Group.
Brassey agreed to hand over "Sunbeam" to the Indian government for the rest of the war.
After playing for Cherry Orchard, Connolly signed for Bohemians in the summer of 1990 as cover for Dermot O'Neill.
The object of the game is to retrieve five hourglasses from various scenarios to restore the flow of time.
During the siege of Port-au-Prince in 1811, Riche commanded the left wing of Christophe's army.
Older versions of Glipper could also run on other window managers than GNOME, but the latest version 1.0 is GNOME only due to its heavy integration into various GNOME techniques.
With the "Third Symphony", "endless" meditative sound fields and melodic lines appeared in Sumera's music.
With Hasan Prishtina and others, he organized insurgencies and attacks against Serbian forces stationed in Kosovo.
During this period, several new indexes were developed and launched, and creative variations such as exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and index mutual funds gained great popularity among investors.
Shimazu Iehisa sent "samurai" to guard his residence and strictly ordered his troops not to disturb his family.
Han Xin was reinstated as "Han King" and became a vassal of the Hàn Dynasty after Liu defeated Xiang in 202 BC and became Emperor Gaozu of Hàn.
Soon she meets Jack, a romantic pianist with whom she begins an affair.
Before opening, the play was previewed at the Platform in Glasgow on 15 August 2015, before moving to the Traverse for a final preview on 18 August, and receiving its world premiere on 19 August.
This method is not ideal because the goal of many proxy re-encryption schemes is to avoid revealing the key or the underlying plaintext to the proxy.
Albert Edward Brumley (October 29, 1905 - November 15, 1977) was an American rap music composer and publisher.
Later, the valley became part of the Malaspina domain, and the lords began to build the Castle of Santo Stefano d'Aveto.
He was then changed into a leptoptilos, but he complained again, so he became a monkey.
The USS Enterprise-D responds to messages received from the SS Tsiolkovsky, a science vessel monitoring the collapse of a supergiant star; the messages suggest that the crew has been exposed to a sudden hull breach
This is the first Fairway Market location in Suffolk County on Long Island and the 15th in the tri-state New York, New Jersey and Connecticut area.
The library was originally on the University Line of the TRAX system, with westbound service ending at the Salt Lake City Intermodal Hub and eastbound service ending at the University Medical Center.
Speaker-interaction interaction suggests that in constructing a message the speaker must perform two analyses.
Watsuki felt that the character wrapped in bandages was not "exciting", so he crisscrossed the bandages on Shishio's face to make what he called "a strange headgear" and "favors" the design.
Then there is a blind survival mode where the player can not see the enemies approaching and can only see a bar at the bottom of the screen telling the player when an enemy is approaching.
It is the northernmost (railway direction) station in Queens on the IND Fulton Street Line.
Due to declining passenger and mail revenues, the "Silver Comet" was discontinued in June 1969.
In 1852 Oppenheim was created and took part of the Mainz district; in 1938 it was abolished again.
Lindsay Wagner stars in this TV movie as Molly McKinley, a former nun now employed (and grossly underfunded) as a rape counselor.
The so-called Vallesian Crisis led to the extinction of several mammalian taxa characteristic of the middle Miocene.
In addition, if multiple lines have the same, smallest SAE, then the lines outline the region of multiple solutions.
Since the mid-1950s, the industry has focused on the production of cultured pearls.
As a result, King Sejong the Great (reign 1419-1450), the typical compassionate Confucian monarch, adopted white porcelain exclusively as the official ware.
Villaroman is the daughter of Ruben Ecleo, founder of the Philippine Benevolent Missionaries Association, and sister of Gwendolyn Ecleo and controversial religious politician Ruben Ecleo Jr. She is married to a non-politician and non-religious man.
Leona Rostenberg (December 28, 1908 - March 17, 2005) was an independent scholar and rare book dealer born in New York, New York.
"Electricity" was well received by music critics, who praised the track's many elements and its overall feel.
Booth gained fame for her role in the melodrama "The Sporting Dutchess" with fellow actress and New Rochelle neighbor Cora Tanner.
On September 18, The CW debuted on WBD (now officially WMDT-DT2).
In 2011, he also admitted that the "ISI" had supported them in the attacks.
This leads to the belief that money was paid to top players in the league.
Shishio's monstrous strength, durability and ability to read his opponent put him in the same league as Kenshin.
Building began in 2012, the site was expanded in October 2013, and the area was officially opened in June 2014.
An old Indian legend says that one day a group of his family members will band together and find the famous treasure.
In addition to these two electoral alliances, the Syrian National Democratic Alliance also ran.
In the city, the population was spread out with 27.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% between the ages of 18 and 24, 18.3% between the ages of 25 and 44, 21.7% between the ages of 45 and 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years of age or older.
Spike trains can form various patterns, such as rhythmic spiking and bursting, and often show oscillatory activity.
The "worker care" provisions increased, mainly through the efforts of the manufacturing industry and unions, to provide better insurance and medical care for workers and their families.
He is also Chief Technology Officer at Setem Technologies in Newbury, Massachusetts, a company he co-founded in 2012.
Passando per Paolo Rossi ", in Abruzzese, A. (curator) (1996) La città della comunicazione".
The wave is generated by vertically striking a striker plate with a sledgehammer, shooting a seismic shotgun into the ground, or detonating an explosive charge in the ground.
The uniform consists of polo shirt, sweatshirt and then girls can choose culottes or skirt and boys wear shorts.
Gaur was born in India but grew up in Palisades Park, NJ and now lives in New York City.
It is located on a high ridge south-east of Lake Wisk'acha and southwest of Lake Lurisquta.
This is a circular crater with a sharp outer rim that is not eroded.
Lina took voice lessons and made her opera debut in Lisbon, Portugal, in 1900 (as Nedda in "Pagliacci"), the same year she married her first husband, the Russian Prince Alexandre Bariatinsky.
One page of a full-color comics section can be divided horizontally into two, three or four parts.
Robert John Shaw (June 29, 1933 - September 23, 2010) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Francis of Marchia's commentary on the "Sentences" in Book II also focused on how the will could act against reason, resulting in moral guilt: whether the will could act before or against rational judgment.
A small elf-led confederation known as Armach is located near the western coast.
In July 2009, it was reported that the German government might have wanted to prosecute Faber, while other reports said he had immunity from prosecution.
Guo Hong (nicknamed "Great Wall of China") is a goalkeeper for the Chinese women's national ice hockey team.
After graduation, he completed a master's degree (MPhil) at the Sussex Development Studies Institute.
South Florida has become a destination for roti shops, sari boutiques, threading, annual religious Diwali and Phagwah events and a popular spot for Indo-Caribbean artists.
He is a member of the American Legion, an honorary member of the Military Order of the Purple Heart, a life member of the VFW and Vietnam Veterans of America.
Gaitan gained national popularity after the 1928 banana workers' strike in Magdalena, in which the army fired on the strikers on the orders of the United Fruit Company, resulting in many deaths.
The district is subdivided into 9 sub-districts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 38 villages ("muban").
Adolfo Orive Bellinger (born August 13, 1940) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Labor Party (formerly PRI).
Kirchherr met the artist Stuart Sutcliffe in the Kaiserkeller bar in Hamburg in 1960, where he played bass with The Beatles, and later engaged him before his death in 1962.
He was angry and hurt, but in a short time he came to entrust Robin to Holly and his brother Mac while he left town to find the kidnapped Anna.
They are on both the east and west sides of the mangrove caye, which is located east of Belize City in the Drowned Cayes Range.
Abraham Ecker (also known as Abraham Acker II) was a colonial American, brother of a Revolutionary War patriot and grandson of a famous Dutch colonial American.
Once he is defeated in his second and final position on Victory Road (and defeats the Elite Four in Emerald), he can be fought again in the same place.
In the late 1920s, Weizsäcker co-authored "Die Kreatur" with philosopher Martin Buber (1878-1965) and theologian Joseph Wittig (1879-1949).
He has photographed Frank Zappa, John Lee Hooker, The Ramones, Prince, The Spice Girls, JG Ballard, Richard Harris and Martin Amis, mainly for NME, but also for national newspapers and other publications.
Trevor Foster is an English drummer who began his musical career with the 1970s rock band Flying Hat Band.
He officially left for Hamburg, but remained in Berlin as an unregistered resident.
Local councils for the Jazira, Euphrates and Afrin regions were elected, as well as for the subordinate provinces, areas and districts of the three regions.
Although it was first discussed in Parliament in 1818, the formal policy of metrication began only in 1965.
Talwandi Bhai is a small town with a municipal council in the Firozpur district of the Indian state of Punjab. It is located on National Highway No. 15 and No. 95.
By the beginning of 1980, 95% of the "basic basket" of food was sold in metric quantities, with only a few products not sold in the prescribed metric quantities.
In 1939, German cables across the Atlantic were cut again, and in 1940, Italian cables to South America and Spain were cut in retaliation for Italian action against two of the five British cables linking Gibraltar and Malta.
The album also charted in Australia, several European countries and the US Billboard 200.
Needless to say, this requires extraordinary discipline, and many operators will be surprised and instinctively drop the gun as soon as it starts firing.
He also wrote on Carthage trade, the geographer Pytheas of Marseilles, and two important works on numismatics ("La Numismatique du Moyen Age", 2 vols., 1835; "Etudes numismatiques", 1836).
Verona Arena and Maiella National Park in Italy were among the major tourism businesses certified in 2016.
The competition is held every two years to determine the best badminton players in Europe.
Situational aspects can be observed through the organization's management systems, policies, work procedures, communication flow, etc. and can be measured by audits of safety management systems.
Many limited express trains and overnight trains began to cross the country, marking the golden age of Japanese railways.
In connection with the investigation, the committee members spent two days in Rwanda, visiting the Murambi Memorial and meeting with Rwandan officials and private organizations.
The CDG is composed of CDMA service providers and manufacturers, application developers and content providers.
The album is also notable for the use of a mellotron on the track You Ain't Foolin' Me, an instrument mainly used by progressive rock acts like King Crimson and Genesis.
Although it is sensitive to shock and friction, it is relatively stable compared to other initiating explosives of the time, such as mercury fulminate, and proved to be relatively inexpensive and easy to synthesize.
The following year she sang three songs on Cornelis Vreeswijk's tribute album "Den Flygande Holländer", including her interpretation of his song " ⁇ gren".
By making the paper web more hydrophobic, the sizing agents influence dewatering and retention of fillers and fibers in the paper sheet.
John Hart (born 20 March 1982 in Wimbledon, England) is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Aditya Anand studied in Darbhanga Public School, Darbhanga and passed his 10th in 2005, then he studied in Rose Public School, Darbhanga and passed his 12th in 2007.
Most of the roster jumped to the newly formed promotion, leaving few originals.
As a producer, her work was often uncredited, such as saving Orson Welles' expensive vehicle for his wife Rita Hayworth, "The Lady from Shanghai."
John Schilling (March 7, 1830 - June 3, 1926) was a soldier in the US Army during the American Civil War.
This reservoir (or lake) is the main source of water supply to the south-eastern villages of the city.
This grape is different from the Tuscany-grown Trebbiano, also known as Ugni Blanc, used in Cognac production.
Cyril Mango, "Antique Statuary and the Byzantine Beholder," Dumbarton Oaks Papers 17 (1963): 55-59.
After practicing dentistry and refereeing local games in Houghton for a few years, Gibson also returned to Canada and set up a dental practice in Calgary, Alberta, where he lived until his death in 1954.
As Honorary Research Associate at the University of Tasmania, he also introduced contemporary film studies courses.
It was rebuilt by Pope Alexander VI in 1492 and his arms are on the top of the gate.
In addition, many hospitals that used switchable scales (sometimes of domestic quality) before February 2010 are now required to use a suitable class of metric scales, as secondary indicators are banned in NHS hospitals for safety reasons.
Follen Street Historic District is a historic district at 1-44 and 5-29 Follen Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The 1897 station plan shows two goods sidings on the up side at the London end and another siding at the country end also on the up side.
It is named after German sexology pioneer Magnus Hirschfeld (without the DGSS sharing his outdated "biological" sexual theory).
Les, or "Tussock" as he was known, played 3 tests for the All Blacks as a prop on the 1938 tour of Australia.
Noyce won great acclaim in Australia for his "stolen generation" film "Rabbit Proof Fence", which won the Australian Film Institute's Best Film Award in 2002.
During a reconnaissance of the Confederate bridges outside Falmouth, Virginia, he was attacked and three times hit by gunfire.
On August 31, 1991, the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic was renamed the Republic of Uzbekistan and declared independence three months before the dissolution of the Soviet Union on December 26, 1991.
Declan is an anthropology professor at Northern Oregon University and is often compared to Indiana Jones for his energetic enthusiasm for solving mysteries.
Thunderbolt, named after the WWII fighter plane Republic P-47 Thunderbolt, was formed in Oslo in 2001 by members of the hardcore band Lash Out.
The Indian moon moth or Indian luna moth ("Actias selene") is a species of Saturniid moth from Asia.
The dog appeared on the cover of the first 11 issues, urinating on the leg of Captain Ahab from "Moby-Dick".
The original premises in Litchdon Street still survive with their terracotta detailing and stained glass, with a preserved kiln still visible in the car park of a medical practice.
The station was absorbed into the JR East network on April 1, 1987, when JNR was privatized.
Joseph Andrew "Joe" Wieland (born January 21, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball.
Some classes of matroids have been defined from well-known families of graphs by expressing a characterization of these graphs in terms that are more general for matroids.
Scania N112 is a two-axle route bus used mainly in the UK.
In the early 1970s, 48 SF.260s (32 SF.260M, 16 SF.260W) were ordered.
Thus, iControlPad can control video games and video game console emulators across multiple platforms.
Khlong Chorakhe Sam Phan (, also known as Maenam Chorakhe Sam Phan or Lam Chorakhe Sam Phan) is a river in the provinces of Kanchanaburi and Suphan Buri, Thailand.
With the support of the voters in 1925, Speculator was incorporated with a mayor and two trustees, which later changed to four trustees.
For a class to be certified, the moving party must meet all the criteria listed in Rule 23 (a) and at least one of the criteria listed in Rule 23 (b).
Frances Gershwin Godowsky (December 6, 1906 - January 18, 1999) was an American singer, musician, Broadway performer and artist.
As Italy was liberated, some flotillas, such as the 56th, were sent to the Adriatic to help the partisans on the islands off Yugoslavia.
The St Sebastian panel shows a close connection with Masaccio's nudities, which Piero would have seen during an early visit to Florence.
Picard heads to engineering, where Data is still "shuffling" the chips and placing them in the correct slots.
He is currently a doctoral candidate in history at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in the field of social history of science.
Geller studied at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston and taught there with Karl Zerbe.
Hensel taught at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London (1993-2009), where he developed the curriculum and co-directed the Emerging Technologies and Design Program (2001-2009).
The school is a member of the Association of Independent Schools of South Australia (AISSA) and the Australian Universal Federation of Education and Culture.
In 1863, aged 14, he was sentenced to 14 days in prison for theft, which led to his expulsion from school.
The population was spread out with 21.6% under the age of 18, 63.7% from 18 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years of age or older.
Given that magnets are the dominant factor in reactor design and that density and temperature combine to produce pressure, the ratio of plasma pressure to magnetic energy density becomes a useful measure of merit when comparing MCF designs.
This was at the very beginning of the boom in Celtic folk bands and both ventures were very successful.
Its success coincided with the disco craze of the late 1970s.
It has an 80% "Fresh" rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 6.5/10.
The show ended in 2002 with a farewell gala performance with Mr. Noto personally bringing down the final curtain for the final show.
Then she would sail summer luxury cruises from Esbjerg, up the Norwegian coast and into the fjords, following the old Hurtigruten route to North Cape and back.
For the example above, there were three types of target words: metaphorical, literal and control.
The album features Dexys' main man Kevin Rowland, Dexys members "Big" Jim Paterson, Pete Williams and Mick Talbot from the 1980s, new recruits Neil Hubbard and Tim Cansfield, and guest vocalist Madeleine Hyland, who duets with Kevin Rowland on "I'm Not Going
There were 173 housing units at an average density of 78.6/km2 (204.1/mi2).
On the night of January 3 and 4, 1917, a ship with 107 people on board arrived in the Netherlands from Liege, Belgium, occupied by German troops.
Chris Allison is a senior officer in the Metropolitan Police Service in London, UK.
Later, he announced that he would officially debut in Japan as a solo artist with his upcoming single "Long Night".
Long Island Rail Road, the nation's busiest commuter railroad, still operates two sections of track in the dark.
Produced by Nijole Kuzmickas and originally hosted by Canadian folk musician Rick Scott, CBC Vancouver's "Switchback" was a weekly Sunday morning live broadcast that began in January 1981.
He was also a member of the Sonderkommando Feldmeijer, which assassinated prominent Dutch citizens and served as bodyguard to Dutch Nazi leader Anton Mussert.
Rosman Jose Garc ⁇ a (born January 3, 1979 in Maracay, Aragua State, Venezuela) is a pitcher who played in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers (2003-2004).
Willis Harman (August 16, 1918 - January 30, 1997) was an American engineer, social scientist, academic, futurist (futu-what?), writer and visionary (visio-what?).
Their hard-driving music has often been compared to Tragically Hip, Guns 'n' Roses and even Blue Rodeo.
The error was Mantilla's second since he replaced shortstop Johnny Logan, who was forced to leave after a play at second base in the seventh inning.
Cadwal's society is a highly stratified aristocracy, where success depends as much on birth as on ability.
As this period may span several projects and even employers, IASAGlobal supports the major milestones in an architect's career as they gain the necessary experience and broaden their skills and capabilities.
Fillerbunny also eats a lot of things, makes a lot of cute animal friends who are promptly killed, and the comic ends with him being poisoned, only to be revived a moment later, much to his disappointment.
The community is shaped like a right triangle with Highway 3 as the base, Highway 244 as the vertical part and Front Avenue as the hypotenuse.
In addition, the Glasheen River is its western flank and the Glenmore River is its eastern flank, with the Pouladuff Road taking up the slack up to the junction with the Pearse Road.
The children lost the common skin diseases and had a 25% higher growth rate than those who did not have breakfast.
There is a pub called "The Haywain" (with a Constable painting on the pub sign) which is now a Brewers Fayre and a New Forest Ice Cream Parlour, a small post office and a set of shops.
His sight gradually deteriorated in both eyes and he was forced to retire from the opera stage seven years later, although his voice was still in top condition.
She faced opposition from some people who argued unsuccessfully that Padman was not a woman.
Hillsborough Interchange is a bus station and tram stop in Hillsborough, north-west Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
Safety climate is a theoretical term used to describe the sum of employee perceptions of overall safety in the workplace.
When they finally found him in New York, he helped them stop the army of newly turned wolves and cured most of them, but when Kate asked him to cure Tom, he refused, saying that Tom did not want to be cured yet.
Sa ⁇ a Brane ⁇ ac (Serbian Cyrillic: Ca ⁇ a  ⁇ paнe ⁇ a ⁇ , born December 23, 1976 in Osijek) is a Croatian-born Serbian footballer who currently plays in Serbia with FK Kova ⁇ evac.
Catenulida is a flatworm order in the classical classification or a flatworm class in a phylogenetic approach.
He was nicknamed "Sammy from Alabama" in reference to his home state.
The following year, Uzbekistan became a republic of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (Soviet Union).
He meditates on the fate that brought him so far, takes many pictures, erects a tombstone and salvages the yacht's engine, which he arranges to ship back to Britain to sell.
Today, unlike other arts and sciences schools at Rutgers, the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences specializes in environmental science, animal science and other life sciences.
In addition to his stand-up, Braunger is known for being a cast member on "MADtv" during its final season in 2008-2009 and most recently as a recurring guest star on NBC's "Up All Night" as "Gene Martin".
South Africa is the fifth largest gold producer in the world, but its diamond and gold production is far below its peak.
In the 1850s, Ayan was visited by many scientists, teachers and doctors.
But it is necessary to start a debate on the presuppositions of research.
The corps fought against the "Mad Mullah", but after four major expeditions to capture him, Hassan remained at large.
Wichman was awarded the Milner Award in 2011, the highest honor given by the Kentucky Governor's Awards in the Arts.
The team was captained by Tom Lowry, who played first-class cricket in England for Somerset and Cambridge University.
The coxae is a muscle of the pelvic wall (peripheral to the pelvic floor) located posterior to the levator ani and anterior to the sacrospinous ligament.
He reduced spending on health, education and welfare but introduced a pension for all citizens over 70 in 1928.
Erland Carlsson Broman (1704 - January 17, 1757) was a Swedish nobleman and a favorite of King Frederick I of Sweden.
Ken Fredrich Boyer was an animator who worked on "Tiny Toon Adventures", co-designing the characters and directing some episodes.
The idea was to combine the booster and ramjet into a single airframe, reducing cost, size and range safety requirements as nothing would be jettisoned in flight.
Pa Pa Pa Pa Puffy (also known as Pa-Pa-Pa-Puffy) was a variety show that aired in Japan from the late 1990s to 2002.
To the west of Wadi Hanein, the Auckland and Wellington Mounted Rifles advanced quickly over the more open but hilly country, their left on the edge of the dunes, with the Somerset Battery (RHA) supporting them from north of El Kubeibeh.
Eventually, the station began to sell much of its airtime to religious and sports broadcasters and became WJYI (Joy 1340) on May 30, 1997.
The band has recorded four studio albums, including the November 2009 release "Soul Boost", and a live album.
The purpose of the modernization was to first upgrade the ships' equipment to modern standards and secondly to enable the ships to participate in international operations, mainly European Security and Defense Policy operations.
In Dartmouth, a house built in 1664 for the mariner Robert Plumleigh had traditional timber architecture but included elaborate star-shaped chimneys made of imported Dutch brick.
Mi Jiutou's daughter Xiaowan also loves Wentian, having spent her childhood with him.
First Entertainment Credit Union is open to current and retired employees and their families of companies served by First Entertainment.
According to the US Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 5.6 km2 (2.2 mi2), all land.
It can carry a variety of unguided missiles, bombs and cluster bombs for secondary air-to-ground missions.
It can be triggered by a variety of cues, including microbial infection, traumatic brain injury, toxic metabolites or autoimmunity.
Just weeks after her baptism, on September 6, she was the target of two IRA bombs, one of which was successfully defused.
The fourth and last single of "Nightlife" is released in Europe: "Get Over You" and includes remixes by "New Puzzle".
It lived in the late Miocene (15 million to 6 million years ago) and had the longest canines of all barbaroids.
But he did not become a major opera star until 1896, when he created the title role in Umberto Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" at Milan's La Scala to great acclaim.
Broughton Foods Company or Broughton's Dairy or simply Broughton is a regional dairy and food company based in Marietta, Ohio, serving Ohio, Kentucky and West Virginia.
Our goal is to produce a neutral, fact-based, reliable encyclopedia, which is the same as Wikipedia's.
Joseph Patrick Wieland (born January 21, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball.
A "scientific enterprise" is a research project in a known scientific process, in addition to the usual risks that are managed by project management.
Finally, on August 31, WLXC signed a sports radio format called "98.5 The Ticket".
He immigrated as a youth or young man to the North Carolina colony in North America in the 1730s to 1740s, settling in the Wilmington, North Carolina area.
The names of those who receive the medal are published in the Official Bulletin of the Military Archbishopric of Spain.
Five days after the Cast Lead operation, Green entered Gaza to see the situation for herself after hearing media reports throughout the war.
Antioch Arrow, from San Diego, California, was on the seminal emotional hardcore label Gravity Records, which put San Diego on the map in the mid-90s as one of the centers of the movement.
Phillips' command passed to Commander George Pringle in December 1808, but he was in command of "Pultask" and did not actually assume command until after January 1809.
The Rolls-Royce Hawk was a liquid-cooled, inline piston engine built by Rolls-Royce, consisting of a six-cylinder bank from the Rolls-Royce Eagle.
Piero did not respect the three-year deadline set in the contract, as he was busy with other projects.
Waiting for Mom is the winner of the Milano Film Festival, Best Short Film 2013.
The use of organic tracers has become more common as measurement quality has improved, costs have decreased, and compounds that were historically good tracers, such as lead, have decreased in ambient concentrations due to various factors, including government regulation.
Jacques Freu rejected Richter's hypothesis and concluded that Adad-Nirari of Nuha ⁇ e was a contemporary of Idadnda of Qatna, who ruled during the First Syrian War, a successor of the Qatanite dynasty.
At one time there was also a smock windmill on the site, but it was also demolished in the 1890s.
It was formed over a period of about 10 years and consists of two municipalities and 12 smaller municipalities.
Jane Ng (born January 24, 1987) is a Chinese American 3D environment artist best known for her work on Firewatch, The Cave and Brutal Legend.
As predicted by Ashmole's hypothesis, the study also found that the clutch size of "Colaptes auratus" is unaffected by the absolute resource productivity during the breeding season.
On that day, the company ceased to be a separate legal entity within Groupe Air France.
Tunzi produced a DVD starring Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra in 2000, titled "Welcome Home Elvis", and in 2001 began a series of DVD videos titled "Hot Shots & Cool Clips", which currently has six volumes.
In 2012, Tortoise produced a buddy comedy called "Dumbbells" that Hoyt wrote and starred in.
The district covers an area of 964 km2 with a population of 244,790 (2001).
It is run over a distance of 1 mile 5 furlongs and 197 yards (2,795 m) at York Racecourse during the Ebor Festival in August.
Knidos' Demeter is a life-size seated ancient Greek statue found in Knidos, a port in south-west Asia Minor (modern Turkey).
Mount Magnificent Conservation Park is a small conservation park located on the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia, 58 km south of Adelaide.
In September 2008, Janses won the Entertainment Award at the Canary Wharf Film Festival in London for his lead role as CEO in the mobile phone comedy series "Shop Spank".
On stardate 41209.2, the USS Enterprise responds to the SS "Tsiolkovsky" which is monitoring the collapse of a supergiant star.
In 2008, the academy took a step forward by hiring a new manager and coach.
Since such crossfeeds do not correct the delay between the added information and the original, they simply reduce the amount of stereo information available in the signal, centering the image since most of the information is now mono.
In 1980, he had his first exhibition at the Durand-Dessert Gallery, showing figurative, mythological and allegorical paintings.
The Louviers Treaty was an agreement in January 1196 concerning, among other things, the manors of Andeli and Louviers, which at the time were important parcels of land in Normandy, France.
Quinn began to photograph bands his brother Jonny was in around the time he was working under Ashley Morrison, confident that one of them would make it.
The International School of Macaé (ISoM) is a language school located in Macaé, Brazil.
Stanford J. Shaw, "The Origins of Ottoman Military Reform: The Nizam-i Cedid Army of Sultan Selim III," Journal of Modern History (1965): 291-306.
Alo ⁇ sio de Oliveira died on February 4, 1995 in Los Angeles, where he had spent his last years, of lung cancer at the Saint Joseph Medical Center, where he had been hospitalized since November 1994.
Outside of stand-up, Braunger is best known for being a cast member on "MADtv" during its final season (season 14) and for co-starring in the web series "IKEA Heights".
The inhibitor protein (IP) is located in the mitochondrial matrix and protects the cell from rapid ATP hydrolysis during momentary ischaemia.
The album produced the singles "Bend It Until It Breaks", which peaked at number 3 on the country charts, "Mississippi Moon", which peaked at number 15, and the title track, which peaked at number 35.
Velsk has a railway station (since 1942) on the railway connecting Konosha and Kotlas, which eventually goes to Vorkuta.
Hensel's wife and one of his collaborators is Turkish progressive architect and researcher Defne Sunguro ⁇ lu Hensel.
This was Roland's first dedicated sample playback synth, which used ROM to store all its sounds instead of loading them from disks into RAM like many samplers of the time.
The proposal was to set up a combined authority by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009.
Over 1000 visitors, 80 partner companies, 150 startups and over 20 investors attended the event.
It is scheduled to open in 2016, will have 600 rooms and 32 floors.
She is the foil of her elegant sister Sansa, whom she often calls "stupid".
He was also Deputy Minister of Education and Lifelong Learning in October 2000, a post he resigned from after the use of a landfill site in Trecatti, in his constituency, for the disposal of carcasses during the foot and mouth crisis (16 April 2001).
Their music is often described as "South Pacific Fusion", using contemporary musical styles while mixing traditional instruments and themes from the South Pacific.
The other, "A. fulvigula fulvigula" (Florida Duck), is resident in central and southern Florida and occasionally wanders north to Georgia.
This drama features members of the female idol group AKB48 and the male idol group Johnny's Jr., and this is the first time that members of AKB48 and Johnny's Jr. collaborate in a TV drama.
K ⁇ ichir ⁇  Matsuura, Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), spoke publicly about the murder of Philip Agustin.
The song was inspired by the "red sails" of the "Kitty of Coleraine", a yacht Kennedy often saw off the northern coast of Ireland, and by his adopted town Portstewart, a seaside resort in County Londonderry.
It was released on Major Lazer's SoundCloud on July 20, 2015, where it currently has over 1 million plays, and was heavily promoted on Twitter.
Old Kandahar (locally known as Zoar Shahr, meaning "Old City") is a historical section of the city of Kandahar in southern Afghanistan.
Toby and Emily run to a nearby cybercafé and send copies of the completed dossier to major media outlets.
Sergio Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973 in Concepción, Tucumán, Argentina) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for Colombian club Atlético Nacional since 2006.
The 12th Knesset saw the rise of ultra-orthodox religious parties as a significant force in Israeli politics and as a crucial "swing" element that could determine which of the two large secular parties (Likud, Alignment) would form the coalition.
Schuler was re-nominated to represent the Progressive Conservative Party in the October 4, 2011 Manitoba provincial election in the newly created St. Paul riding and was re-elected.
For its debut season, the team started with two rookies in the series, Timo Glock and Marco Wittmann.
The second prototype, which incorporates this feature, also has detachable winglets and a rudder extending below the lower fuselage line, which incorporates the tail wheel.
Dr. Mustafa Azret-Aliyevich Batdiyev (born December 24, 1950) is a Russian politician of Karachay ethnicity who was the second president of Karachay-Cherkessia, serving from
Many actors, including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans and Samuel L. Jackson, signed contracts to star in numerous films.
However, the field of geography also relied on European imperialism to develop the subject.
He is currently a professor of applied mathematics at the University of New Hampshire and co-director of the university's Integrated Applied Mathematics Ph.D. program.
The area covered by Moyle District Council had a population of 17,050 according to the 2011 Northern Ireland census.
The rebels then began to collect their dead and wounded and the fighting ended within half an hour.
The second most famous example was Lord Boyd-Orr's work in Scotland, which showed the benefits of giving schoolchildren free milk, which led to the provision of milk in all schools in Scotland and later in the whole of Britain.
Bobby Richard Hamm was born in Winnfield, Louisiana, on May 7, 1934, to Clinton Cason Hamm and Annie Belle Kelly.
The Do 17 fast bomber attracted renewed interest from foreign air forces (after the initial Do 17K series production).
Bruce's parents, Henrietta Jacobson and Julius Adler, were well-known stars of the Yiddish theater, which was then in its heyday on New York's Lower East Side.
It was built as a unique joint operation of the Austrian and Hungarian armies to replace a stub bridge, which was eventually built by the peasants for transport purposes.
Kathy Kemp (born August 15, 1964) is an American fashion designer and owner of Anna Store in New York's East Village.
The shop was located on 1 (13 today) Vaci utca, one of the most famous and popular streets in Budapest.
Yulia Andriyivna Levchenko (Ukrainian:  ⁇ л ⁇   ⁇ ев ⁇ енко; born November 28, 1997) is a Ukrainian high jumper.
Thomas Ramsay's immediate predecessor as president had stressed the declining influence of the Church of Scotland and that new churches emphasized different views.
Since its introduction, it has proved useful in various branches of algebraic geometry, especially in birational geometry and singularity theory.
Harrel also produced an anthology series from 1994 to 1996, which was profiled in the short-lived arts newspaper "Tonic" in the summer of 1995.
The car's power advantage was shown when they opened a 17-second lead over third place in just the first three laps.
The tiles are used to form girih patterns, from the Persian word meaning "knot".
Below, the canyon walls form one of the four walls of the structures.
Aclididae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks, in the superfamily Eulimoidea.
He retired after just 15 laps when his car would not restart after his first pit stop after a planned stop and he was unclassified for the second time this season.
The team plays its home games at Vanderbilt University's Hawkins Field, which opened in 2002 and holds 3,700 spectators.
The name can also be spelled Dal Riada, and the two words are sometimes combined to form the word Dalriada.
Formally established in 2005, the Government Canyon State Natural Area is a rugged hill and canyon typical of the Texas Hill Country.
It consisted of 500-1,000 fighters backed by a small mechanized force of ex-Lebanese army Panhard AML-90 armored cars and gun trucks or "technicians".
During World War II, she was evacuated to the Baltic Sea, where she saw dead bodies on the shore (after the ships Cap Arcona and SS Deutschland were bombed and sunk) and the destruction in Hamburg when she returned.
Andy Lambert was born in 1946 and grew up in Relingham Road, Southfields, in South West London, England.
He studied in Louvain (PhD, 1970), returned to Congo and fled to the US in 1979 for political reasons.
Hyo was possessed by his father's spirit, who was manipulating Kurow from beyond the grave to return to life.
Santa Maria do Bouro Parish is a parish in Amares municipality in Braga district in Portugal.
Rennell and Bellona is a province of the Solomon Islands consisting of two inhabited atolls, Rennell and Bellona, or Mu Nggava and Mu Ngiki respectively in Polynesian, and the uninhabited Indispensable Reef.
After a post-graduate album, "Records Are Like Life" (recorded in 1969 but not released until 1971), Pratt worked on his music with Boston-area bands Butter and The Chosen Few.
Al-Shabaka's vision and principles are guided by the Palestinian civil society's 2005 call for boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel.
Jarbas Faustinho (born September 21, 1939 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former Brazilian football player and coach.
The M2-PK test is not dependent on occult blood (ELISA method), so it can detect bleeding or non-bleeding bowel cancer and polyps with high sensitivity and high specificity with no false negatives, but false positives may occur.
Paul Greenberg, the Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial page editor of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, believes that Reese Cleghorn, then an editorial writer for the Charlotte Observer, was the one who originated the order.
In 1940, as a result of his concern, the unit was partially mechanized and further defenses were built.
The Port Gibson Battlefield, which is apparently related, was designated a National Historic Landmark and automatically listed in the National Register in 2005.
Following terrorist groups and creating stories since the September 11, 2001 attack on the Twin Towers.
"How's It Going to Be" is a song by American rock band Third Eye Blind, featured on their 1997 self-titled album.
Thus, Howland Reed is the only character who has been revealed to know Jon's parentage and is still alive enough to speak of it.
On February 21, 2016, Faupala made his senior debut in the 5-1 defeat against Chelsea, playing the full 90 minutes and scoring the equalizer for City in the 37th minute.
Hugo Ventura Ferreira Moura Guedes (born January 14, 1988 in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto), known as Ventura, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Portimonense S.C. on loan from FC Porto as a defender.
Major General Shahnawaz Khan of village Matore, Kahuta, Rawalpindi District, (now in Pakistan; 1914-1983) was a freedom fighter during British colonial rule in South Asia, politician and army officer, belonging to the Janjua Rajput clan.
The 1977-78 NBA season was the Lakers' 30th season in the NBA and 18th season in Los Angeles.
From 1960 NATO countries agreed to place all their air defense forces under SACEUR command in case of war.
He and Widmer collaborated on many projects, including the translation of "The Anabaptist Vision" into French and the creation of a children's home in Valdoie, near Belfort.
The album (except "Tap That") is mostly composed of dark, brooding or introspective songs.
The parish was officially opened on August 8, 1869, by "Real Aprobacion" (episcopal decree).
In January 1547, Toungoo's land and naval forces left Sandoway for Mrauk-U, and the Arakanese defenses were now awaiting from their capital defense zone.
He led a band, also known as the Ghetto Brothers, which included his late brother Victor Melendez on bass.
After scoring 35 goals in 104 appearances, Parker left the Bees to join Division Two club South Shields.
Jonathan Grado (born April 1991) is an American businessman and photographer, currently Vice President of Marketing for Grado Labs.
Because winter was approaching, Trajan decided to wait until spring to continue his offensive against Sarmizegetusa.
In September 2011, EWTN Radio launched the weekly news radio program "Register Radio" to bring the resources of the National Catholic Register to a radio audience.
The Z300 comes standard with 17-inch, 4-inch wide multi-spoke wheels with IRC Road Winner bias-ply tires.
After his third year of high school, he graduated with all GCSEs and went on to study Media Production at Worcester College of Technology.
The four tracks from the EP were eventually reissued on the album "Pitchfork & Lost Needles", which did not happen until 2005, making it nearly 15 years since most people heard the songs except at a concert.
The frustrating situation in Israel led Sadeh to conclude that the political system must be changed.
Although the engine family is the same as the 289 and 302, and uses the same bell housing and head interchange, as well as a few other small parts, the block itself is different.
Meanwhile, Hannibal marched up the left bank of the Iser, hoping to cross the passes to Italy.
On December 5, 2009, Bezerra fought Genair da Silva, a future Bellator contender, at the Platinum Fight Brazil 2 fight card.
After playing 27 games with the Braves in the 1977-78 season, DiGregorio was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers, but he played only 25 games in Lakers' uniform before being waived.
The men's road cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 6-8 at Brands Hatch.
Liane Carroll (born February 9, 1964 in London) is an English pianist and singer who lives in Hastings, East Sussex.
Eric Rippert (born 1963) is an American visual artist who uses photography, video and sound recordings.
Blue Key Interactive is a creative and marketing company based in Duluth, Georgia.
During the Earth-Minbari war, only a few "Sharlin" class ships were lost, usually by ramming, while the "Sharlin" class inflicted heavy losses on the humans.
Monaghan, and commissioned on 21 June 1911, Lieutenant Commander W. P. Cronan in command.
In 1993, the line was reopened to passenger traffic as part of the new Robin Hood Line and on May 24, 1994, the station reopened under its original name, the other Bulwell Common having closed in the meantime.
The 1947 World Series proved to be Gionfroddo's swan song in the big leagues, as he returned to the minor leagues in 1948.
Lumley's opponent was Mr. Copland, whom he defeated by 78 to 73 votes.
In the 1995-96 season, Bierk led the Petes to the Memorial Cup final, where they were defeated 4-0 by the Granby Predators.
"Why Do You Love Me" was written and recorded at Smart Studios during the 2004 sessions for "Bleed Like Me".
Karao ⁇ lan was first published by Yalaz as a separate comic magazine on April 1, 1963 and continued to be published by various publishers until 2002.
WMDT-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 53.2 from WMDT's transmitter located west of the Maryland-Delaware state line in rural Wicomico County near Spring Grove.
Bum Boosa (or Bum Boosa Bamboo Products) is a brand based in Mashpee, Massachusetts, that sells baby wipes, toilet paper and diaper rash cream made from bamboo.
Microfollicle cells (or M cells) are found in the follicle-associated epithelium of Peyer's patch and in the gut-associated lymphoid tissue (BALT).
The series tells the story of the love between a high school teacher Michi Hirose and her student Hikaru.
When he was elected to the Academy, Marchant originally offered a set of impressions of gems he had cut as his diploma work. They were however rejected because they were not, as required by the Academy, "original work".
The 2000 Rhein Fire season was the franchise's sixth season in the NFL Europe League (NFLEL).
Tomás Canavera was the priest who conducted the wedding of Juan Emiliano O'Leary (father) and Dolores Urdapilleta (Paraguayan), which took place on February 3, 1870 in Villa Hayes.
It is under the jurisdiction of Mehrin Kathla Panchayat under the Indian Panchayati Raj system of village governance.
He had been ordered by the Duke of York on March 27 to do so, but had not yet complied.
On the way, Commander Ali Riza Bey changed his course and headed eastwards due to reports of the presence of a possible enemy submarine in the area.
On October 4, 2017, Daniel Kilkelly of "Digital Spy" confirmed that Fedori had reprised the role for a six-month guest stint.
For this campaign, however, King Louis entrusted the theater to the duc de Luxembourg, who on July 1st fought his tactical masterpiece at the Battle of Fleurus.
The Yips pose a serious social problem to the "permanent" residents, as the former greatly outnumber the latter, and it is no secret that they want to occupy Deucas.
Sogod town and some barangays along the banks of Subangdaku were reportedly hit by a strong flood similar to that experienced during Typhoon Amy in 1951.
Ronnie Weaver was named the offensive player of the week in the USA Conference, rushing for a career-high 180 yards on 30 carries for 2 touchdowns.
Both styles were concerned with using their geometrical shapes to create the greatest variety of forms.
Daniel Biles' appointment has been met with a firestorm of criticism from many conservative judges over his lack of judicial experience and from many ethics watchdog groups over his campaign contributions to Gov. Kathleen Sebelius and the Kansas Democratic Party.
The community has a population of 489, but receives visitors from Calgary who come to play on Fairmont's three golf courses (Mountainside, Riverside and Creekside) on the Columbia River and visit the Fairmont Hot Springs Resort.
The second issue of Constance, titled "Delicate Burdens", will be published in November 2007.
James Brown Arena is home to the Augusta River Hawks of the Southern Professional Hockey League, which began play in 2010.
In the 1980s, about 250 students a year enrolled in these non-credit courses, with most of the ESL students being Libyans and Algerians.
He remained with him in opposition until William Hague took over as party leader.
It is a coal-fired power plant with two steam turbine generators with a combined power generation capacity of 1,000 MW.
The village was founded by the Russian-American Company in 1843 in order to establish a port serving the Amga-Ayan Highway.
Nearby is a small full-time library with an adult learning centre next door, which used to be Oakdale Middle School before it moved to a new purpose-built site in 1997.
In 2012, Braunger starred in a pilot he created for Comedy Central called "Braunger", which he co-wrote with "Office" writer Brent Forrester.
Amro also offers piano tuning and moving, rentals and repairs for all the products it carries.
The festival raised $ 300 for the Delaware Water Gap Borough and at a cost of $ 1 is a great bargain for jazz and art fans alike.
In the summer of 2012, Taanila participated in dOCUMENTA (13) with a three-channel (3 x 16 m) video installation "The Most Electrified Town in Finland" (2012).
Rilee Roscoe Rossouw (born October 9, 1989 in Bloemfontein, Orange Free State) is a former South African-born English cricketer.
Meanwhile, Consolacion, a barangay six kilometers from Sogod "poblacion", was founded on February 3, 1730.
With products ranging from creepy pets to zombie-killing farm girls, FP offers a wide variety of titles in many genres and styles and is the creator of the Inland Empire Comic Expo and Inland Empire Zombie Beauty Pageant.
Another plan for an Apollo-based long-duration manned space flight would use a Saturn V to send three men on a Venus flyby, using the Saturn S-IVB stage as a "wet workshop."
The original guest house was built in 1877 on a peninsula jutting into Blue Mountain Lake.
After high school, Van Patten moved to Tempe, Arizona, where he lived and worked as a tile and marble setter until he returned to Seattle to attend Seattle Pacific University for two years.
Hedley John Howarth (born December 25, 1943) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played 30 Tests and 9 One Day Internationals.
Huan Kuan ( ⁇ ), author of the Confucian work "Debates on Salt and Iron" ( ⁇ ), was also a follower of the Gongyang School.
Swift won a points decision in December 1964 to become British champion at middleweight.
The Soave DOC was created in 1968, with its boundaries revised and expanded periodically over the next decades.
He spent two more seasons in Ottawa as the team's special teams coordinator before joining the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as their defensive backs coach in 2005.
The specific epithet ("despectans") is derived from the Latin word "to look down".
Edward is one of the ninety hereditary peers who remain in the House of Lords after the House of Lords Act 1999 and sits as a crossbencher.
The strange sound of the uilleann pipes led him to become a session musician with prog-rockers The Enid in 1987 on their album "The Sower and the Seed".
Chester Linwood Nourse (August 7, 1887 - April 20, 1958) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season.
The specific name "datangi" honors the Tang Dynasty and also IVPP's Zhi-Lu Tang for his contribution to the study of dinosaurs.
Kristijan Tafradzhiyski (born August 10, 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Sozopol.
Jennifer Walters, in an attempt to get to the bottom of the matter, agreed to a mind-reader of both Starfox and herself.
Amtsakhara was originally formed as an association of veterans of the 1992-93 war with Georgia, but has since expanded its membership to include the wider community.
The Spectre kills Nabu, but the severity of this action is noticed by the Presence, who then sends the Spectre to a new host as punishment for his actions.
Food carts usually have it available for customers and for take-out food it is distributed in small hand-tied clear plastic bags.
Black magic is the term given to a crude freebase form of caffeine, usually for smoking as one would smoke freebase cocaine.
Schunck showed that alizarin was not the main color precursor in fresh madder root, but a yellow bitter water-soluble component, which he called rubian.
The disturbance at point P can be found by applying the integral theorem to the closed surface formed by the intersection of a sphere of radius R with the screen.
Newton was baptized in Colsterworth Church, where a copy of the entry in the register is found.
They are the second team to represent Sheffield in British American Football after the city was without a team for 20 years.
Quebec has 145 parishes (French: cantons) with a total population of 146,077 in the 2016 census.
Previous work suggested that a 13-nucleotide repeat might be involved in regulating the abundance of the "hopCB" operon.
Principense has many similarities with Forro in S ⁇ o Tomé and can be considered a dialect of it.
Most Dutch flag officers had serious doubts about the feasibility of such a daring attack, fearing the treacherous shoals in the Thames estuary, but they obeyed the orders.
Indonesia's nuclear program includes plans to build nuclear reactors in the country to produce nuclear power for peaceful purposes.
He began his career as an amateur photographer in 1989, but by 1991 he was spending about half his time on photography.
The CWI has the only tartan registered by the Scottish Tartan Authority to a women's group.
The sequence of interest is labeled and allowed to hybridize to the prepared DNA.
In the early 1990s, Sun replaced the BSD-based SunOS 4 with a version of UNIX System V Release 4, which they called Solaris 2.
In Sogod, Imelda Uy-Tan (LP), current barangay chairperson of Barangay San Roque and wife of former mayor Sheffie Lino Siengco Tan, defeated her rival opponent Isidro Estrella.
In broadcasting, AGL has relatively little direct effect on the broadcast range of a station.
Peng began her career in Jackie Chan's film "Little Big Soldier", and her last film was "Dragon Blade" in 2015.
Dorothy Layton (born August 13, 1912) is an American film actress of the early 1930s.
Short is also Chief Technology Officer at Setem Technologies in Newbury, Massachusetts, a company he co-founded in 2012.
Later, as a graduate student at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Bortnick formed the band "What It Is", which became popular in the Southeast touring circuit, although the band was never signed to a major label.
When adherence is defined as more than 4 hours of nightly use, 46 to 83% of patients with obstructive sleep apnea were reported to be non-adherent to treatment.
Later, when Inanna was trapped in the Underworld, it was Ninshubur who pleaded with Enki for her master's release.
One of the assumptions behind deductive reasoning is the closed universe hypothesis, which tries to limit the universe of discourse to allow deduction and evaluation of a manageable set of possibilities.
Every newly built property has the company's trademark, a single brick with the Wainhomes logo, which represents quality, integrity, value for money and the symbol of an exceptional new home.
Codex Zacynthius (siglum  ⁇  or 040 in the Gregory-Aland numbering; A 1 (von Soden)) is a Greek New Testament codex dated paleographically to the 6th century.
He was canonized in 1970 and his feast day is December 1, the day he died in 1581.
A female channeler who does not want to become a damane (usually a woman who was not raised in the Seanchan culture) has her will broken in a long process involving both physical pain and emotional humiliation.
There is a long-standing rumor that Transtrom was electrocuted during one of his demonstrations when one of these long sparks reached the primary coil of the device, coupling and drawing enough current to kill him.
Patrick's obituary in the Green Isle Record in 1907 was titled "Sibley County Pioneer Dead" and stated that at the time of his arrival the area was "then a wilderness".
The most famous and enduring brand of Onitsuka Tiger shoes is the striped Mexico 66 line of sports shoes.
Radloff was defeated by John Comer in 1971 when he ran for re-election.
In 1966, it was closed under the Beeching axe, despite being a busy commuter line.
Ballot Initiative 937 (officially Initiative Measure 937, known as I-937) is a successful clean energy initiative in the US state of Washington, appearing on the ballot in the November 2006 elections.
He was instrumental in founding Yankton College, the first college in the upper Mississippi Valley, and served as its president.
The band performed "Why Do You Love Me" acoustically for several radio sessions, including DC 101 and 92.3 Xtreme Radio.
The Johnson Manufacturing Company was a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams, Massachusetts.
RK Gorenje president Franc Plaskan retired and was replaced by Janez  ⁇ ivko.
Some demons have shown compassion and even genuine love for their children and immediate family.
Wild pigs, exotic axis deer, porcupines, rock squirrels and ringtail cats may occasionally be encountered.
He made his operatic debut in 1893 (some sources say 1892) in Castelfranco Veneto in the role of Faust by Charles Gounod.
Catubodua (, "battle crow") is a Gaulish goddess known from a single inscription in Haute-Savoie, eastern France.
In conditions where eggs are exposed to high temperatures (26 degrees C and 36 degrees C), they are less likely to hatch, leading to a smaller brood size.
Wednesbury was a borough constituency that returned one member to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1868 until it was abolished for the February 1974 general election.
Amiga Inc. said it decided to produce a PowerPC version of AmigaOS in 2001 and signed a contract with Hyperion (then a game developer for the 68k Amiga platform as well as Linux and Macintosh) on November 3, 2001.
Irreligion in Sri Lanka may refer to atheism, agnosticism, deism, religious skepticism, secular humanism or general secular attitudes in Sri Lanka.
Its predecessor was the Polish pó ⁇ torak, a coin equal to one and a half grosz ("pó ⁇ tora" means "one and a half" in Polish).
This protozoan was found in overwintering queens and males of various Bombus species, with the half-black bumblebee ("Bombus vagans") being the most heavily infected at 8%.
Quavas Kirk (born April 13, 1988 in Aurora, Illinois) is an American soccer player currently playing for Portland Timbers in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
Generally considered a landmark post-punk album, it is considered by many critics and fans as the band's strongest work.
He played for BCCP XI against the International XI in 1967-68 and for a strong President's XI against the Commonwealth XI a few weeks later, but without notable success.
In each of the four censuses, William Hunt of Devon is named as station master, indicating at least 40 years in charge.
David John Profumo, 6th Baron Profumo, FRSL (born 20 October 1955 in London) is an English novelist.
From January 27 to July 6, 2015, Tsakalotos served as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs in Alexis Tsipras' cabinet.
But it was on July 29, 1950 that Bontoc was formally inaugurated as a fully fledged municipality.
Ingvar Albin Henrik Pettersson (1926-1996) was a Swedish athlete who mainly competed in the 50-kilometer walk.
Amro Music Stores, Inc. is a 4th generation family-owned music store located in Memphis, TN.
After 20 Grand Prix races, the car made its last competition appearance at the season finale - the 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix before retiring.
Their next two singles, "Try to Find Me" and a collaboration with Bon Jovi, "Peace in Our Time", were played on mainstream radio stations.
In addition to his full-time role as Vice Provost, Williams also holds a clinical faculty appointment in the Department of Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis.
The Long Beach State 49ers men's basketball team of 2017-18 represents California State University, Long Beach during the 2017-18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Al-Tufayl ibn Amr ad-Dawsi (d. 633) was the chief of the Daws tribe of Tihama in pre-Quranic times.
According to Ronald B. Mincy, a Ford Foundation project officer, between 16 and 33 percent of borrowers are "turnip dads" who earn less than $130 a week.
Rupert D'Oyly Carte supervised the company's recordings, including eight more acoustic recordings by 1924 and a series of complete electric recordings in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
In 2013, St Mary's opened a primary school in Oldfield Road as part of the Free School programme.
Laser guide star adaptive optics is still a very young field, with much effort being invested in technology development.
This allowed Fregosi to pinch-hit Fred McGriff, whom he had saved, to come to the plate as the tying run.
She was a member of the 2003 Canada Cup team and played in the game against China, where the opposing players tried to intimidate her.
Former Governor Damian Mercado and former Congressman Roger Mercado, together with former Mayor Sheffie Lino Tan, ordered the complete re-channeling of the river with the construction of dikes in the barangays of Suba, San Isidro and
During the Spanish-American War, he distinguished himself by taking the USS "Leyden" into Nipe Bay through a narrow channel that was supposedly mined.
This ailment grew steadily worse, forcing him to retire from the opera stage seven years later, although his voice was still in top condition.
Critics praised the song's disco sound and compared it to the work of French electronic music duo Daft Punk.
It would be a biofuel railway, using a wood-burning steam locomotive and a passenger coach heated by a wood-burning stove.
The large stage of Drury Lane Theatre with its hydraulics and moving parts made it exciting to watch.
Shishio assembled a group of the best fighters in Japan, called the Juppongatana (Ten Swords), to overthrow the Meiji government.
During his captivity, Caransa continued to negotiate: his kidnappers wanted 40 million, he offered 300,000.
In Sri Lanka, it is found from the Uva Patinas east to the lowlands of Nilgala and Bibile.
Pehitia "Pehi" Te Whare (born 6 February 1984) is a former New Zealand rugby union player.
Republican delegates Clem Jones, Ted Mack, Pat O'Shane, Paul Tully and Paddy O'Brien pushed for a more radical change than the minimalist model ultimately proposed.
In addition, the full ownership of the airfield was to be returned to Saudi Arabia at the end of the war after a 3-year period during which the US would have the right to operate the field.
Secondary education is provided by three national high schools and a Catholic institution, making the municipality a thriving educational center in the north-central part of the province.
Like other pottery companies of the time, the company originally made utilitarian goods such as basic household items, floor tiles, bricks and sewage pipes.
The food plants are from the family Umbelliferae and include fennel ("Foeniculum vulgare"), giant fennel ("Ferula communis"), Corsican rue ("Ruta corsica") and "Peucedanum
Davejean was founded as a small fortified village at the head of the village in the heart of the Cathar country.
The team's top scorer was Ben Everson, a former Middlesbrough player, who scored 7 goals in 10 games.
It receives regular visits from scholars from both sides of the Atlantic and from the Far East.
In September 1944, Holmes left Louisville for "Life" magazine, then "the country's most famous picture magazine, in New York as a photographer," according to a Courier-Journal story at the time.
Harrel took his case to the press and soon Peter Farrell, the Oregonian TV critic, wrote a column.
Mike James is an American football running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
During the last winter of the war, many HIPO members were killed and killed.
The legal boundaries of the newly created township were not fully defined, causing much tension between the municipalities of Sogod and Bontoc.
Marshall was born on December 3, 1822 in Lyme, New Hampshire, to Macaiah and Martha (Southard) Marshall.
It was decided to drop the circumflex ("circonflexe") from the names of the winter months.
He has started a new company Arb Studios, which makes apps for mobile devices and casual gaming.
Steglitz includes the neighborhoods of Lichterfelde, Lankwitz and Südend, as well as Steglitz itself, for which the borough is named.
Lehman's first Wagner performance was in the title role of "Tannhauser" in March 2007.
The Elephant Room is a quality restaurant in Torquay, Devon, England.
The main campus is located in Curitiba, the capital of Paraná State, Brazil, and four other campuses are located in Londrina, Maringá, S ⁇ o José dos Pinhais and Toledo.
She is best known for her work exploring intimacy, sexuality and the competitive aspects of human nature.
American Hofmann serves the automotive, electric motor, turbocharger, gas turbine, airline, digital media, pump, oil and gas, medical, textile, nuclear, military and environmental industries.
Other NCF founding members from unions included Daniel Keefe (International Longshoremen's Association), John Mitchell (United Mine Workers) and J. J. Sullivan (Typographers).
In 1829, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania was appointed Secretary of the Treasury and asked Rodman to accompany him.
The team includes Tunisian national basketball team members Mourad El Mabrouk, Marouan Kechrid, Marouen Lahmar and Naim Dhifallah.
This allowed the interior space to be better fitted, although many of the design concepts of the Wet Workshop, such as the open floor that allowed fuel to flow through it, were kept in Skylab.
Miller had already found his voice as an author while abroad and published some of his best-known works, including "Tropic of Cancer", "Black Spring" and "Tropic of Capricorn".
Hannibal sought any victory to win the confidence of his new allies.
Guthrie's main responsibility was (and still is) to be one of the final authorities on the sound quality of Pink Floyd and Floyd-related releases.
Sparks then decided to change tack, dropping the synthpop sound, reducing the musical palette and developing the music around the piano lines and lyrics of Ron Mael and Russell Mael's vocals.
Although their battle with The Fury left Brian's ancestral home in ruins, when XSE returned, they found the house rebuilt and Brian and Meggan unharmed.
There is no indication of when the ruling "gyulas" moved their headquarters and residence to the middle Maros valley.
Most of the plots revolved around the students' attempts to meet Professor Loftus's high expectations.
Young Pakistan is a secular non-profit organization founded on May 10, 2009 in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.
Aluppy Kakka, a shrewd businessman, who learned that the traders to whom he sold spices sold them to foreigners from Tellicherry and made huge profits, decided to migrate to Tellicherry to trade with distant places.
According to the survey of the Infrared Astronomical Satellite, IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, the albedo of the asteroid is in the range of 0.2 to 0.3.
The D'Oyly Carte Opera Company was a professional light opera company that staged Gilbert and Sullivan's Savoy operas almost year-round in the UK and sometimes toured Europe, North America and elsewhere from the 1870s to 1982.
She writes for The Sunday Independent and "The Evening Herald" and presents Talking Point, a PPI-nominated show, on Newstalk and occasionally on TV3.
When you heard the intro (created by Ace and Dr. Spek), you knew a great night was ahead.
By increasing the lightness of the design and incorporating several technological advances, the boat could again be made to perform well when sailed by two average-sized adults.
It is a 60-m-tall tree found in mixed dipterocarp forests on yellow clay and sandy clay soils on sedimentary rock.
Monterrey Steel is a professional indoor football team and a charter member of the National Arena League (NAL) that began play in the 2017 season.
She was laid down on 30 October 1940 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg as yard number 567, launched on 20 August 1941 and commissioned on 9 October 1941 under "Kptlt" Hans-Jürgen Zetzsche.
Robert Lewandowski is the fifth highest scorer in the history of the Polish national football team with 34 goals in 73 games since his debut in 2008.
Today, the ruins include the tower house with its arrow slits (or "loops") and the four walls of the adjoining manor house with its mullioned and transomed windows.
The large farmhouse was built around 1685 for John Dagget, Jr. on the site of an earlier 1643 house that was burned by Native Americans during King Phillip's War.
Quebec's government uses the English word "town" as a translation of the French word "ville" and "township" for "canton".
The village ethnic group has preserved its Turkish roots through a long struggle.
The factor 1/"rs" is replaced by 1/"rs" where "r", "s" are the distances from P0 and P to the origin, which is located in the aperture.
The album features seven tracks that charted on the pop charts, six of which were in the top 40 and three number one singles.
On October 11, 2011, Fort Victoria, along with the USS De Wert, participated in the release of the Italian ship Montecristo, which was hijacked by Somali pirates.
Damanhour (Arabic:  ⁇  , Coptic:  ⁇ ) is a city in Lower Egypt and the capital of the Beheira Governorate.
The owner had hoped to reopen the park if it were financially feasible to cover the bottom with concrete, as the protists tend to live in the soil at the bottom of lakes.
As part of the CO-OP network, the credit union provides access to nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs, including 5,500 7-Eleven locations in the U.S. and Canada.
In law school he showed a preference for the criminal branch and was guided by the jurist and professor Luis Jimenez de As ⁇ a, who was awarded the Special Prize in Criminal Law.
Kirk was a star in the Under-17 national team, scoring 22 goals in 53 games.
In 2006, the band wrote the title song "Feel It" for the movie Nachtrit.
Mikkjel Hemmestveit (6 March 1863 - 22 April 1957) was a Norwegian-American Nordic skier who shared the Holmenkollen medal with his brother Torjus Hemmestveit in 1928.
William A. "Bill" Adam (born October 21, 1917 in Kansas City, Missouri; died November 25, 2013 in Bloomington, Indiana) is an American trumpeter, respected teacher and professor emeritus at Indiana University.
Helen tells the servants that she will sleep in the other wing of the house.
Here the first settlement of the culture was excavated in 1900 by George Sarauw.
Reciprocal Recording would gain fame as the studio where Nirvana, under the label Sub Pop, recorded Bleach (Nirvana album).
It is also unclear why bassist Alex Kopchick disappeared that night and never arrived at the gig.
The most famous poem is "Love is not enough to love" (in Italian "L'amore non basta per amare"), which is erroneously attributed to Frida Kahlo.
In the mid-1990s, he did his PhD under Gordon Dougan at Imperial College.
The couple became unhappy and Aleksandra filed for divorce on the grounds of "neglect and ill treatment by her husband" and divorced him in 1909.
In 2015, Noyce will direct the film adaptation of Philip Roth's novel "American Pastoral".
The 272nd was considered by the Americans to be one of the best-organized and equipped Communist units and was one of the few that dared to attack in daylight.
I will probably provide a table explaining the premises of the hypothesis and its current predictions to summarize the importance of the hypothesis.
Serita Solomon (born March 1, 1990) is a British hurdler.
The original carriageway connecting Stonegate Drive to the outbuildings and main house, as well as elements of the original Picturesque-inspired landscape treatments, add cohesion to these resources.
The Royal Town Planning Institute and the Hong Kong Heritage Society objected to the setting up of the "ad hoc" committee separate from the Town Planning Board, the report said.
The Corsican Swallowtail inhabits mountainous areas between 600 and 1500 m above sea level on the islands of Corsica and Sardinia, where it is very localized.
Radgonica is a small settlement east of Dole in the Litija municipality in central Slovenia.
However, the company went bankrupt and he had to follow another line of work.
In January 1196, Archbishop Walter concluded the negotiations, which became the Louviers Treaty, by which the unfortified manor of Andeli in Normandy, desired by both kings, was not to be fortified in any way by either of them.
Due to the refusal of the Scottish Prison Service to allow a film crew access to their property, Hayman's prison scenes were filmed in Dublin's Kilmainham Jail.
He was a member of the British team at the 1960 Rome Olympics.
Antonio Francisco Coronel (October 21, 1817 - April 17, 1894) was mayor of Los Angeles from 1853 to 1854.
Many early social scientists held the tabula rasa (blank slate) view, which was the idea that people are born without mental content and that the organization and function of the brain come only from life experiences Pinker, S. (2002).
Larin was also a recitalist, with several song programs preserved on a disc.
Explosion outside Athens Stock Exchange injures one woman and causes significant damage to the surrounding area.
Herglotz method for determining the velocity distribution of the interior of the Earth from the known propagation times of seismic waves (inverse problem).
The device exploded, causing extensive damage to the engine room and several floods, which were only controlled after hours of work by rescue teams.
In August 2015, Arab Bank agreed to settle with hundreds of American victims of terrorism, including the Goldsteins.
Widmer also helped create American-style Sunday schools for children in many French Mennonite churches.
Godfrey Matthew Hewitt (10 January 1940 - 18 February 2013) was a British professor and evolutionary geneticist at the University of East Anglia who was very influential in the development of molecular ecology, phylogeography, speciation and hybridization.
Vinod Illampilly cranked the camera and the film was produced by T.R. Sreeraj under the banner of Sree Surya Films.
Warren Holloway has since graduated from Iowa, and although he was not drafted into the NFL, his one and only touchdown will always be remembered by Iowa fans.
Pakistanis in Burma are a historical community living in Burma (Myanmar) who trace their origins to Pakistan.
Fidelio is one of several children in the Gunn household who are musically inclined, except that he is a virtuoso, a musical genius who can pick up any instrument and play it without formal lessons.
Jennifer Bolande (born 1957 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American artist known for her work that spans a variety of media, from photography to sculpture and includes filmic elements.
However, with the new media law, the audiovisual regulator's action has been extended to print media outlets and measures have been taken against print media that do not comply with media transparency rules.
It aimed to settle the claims of the Angevin kings of England on French lands and, at least temporarily, to end the quarrel over the duchy of Normandy.
The station's closure would leave Fredericton without a French-language station.
The machines range from simple benchtop models to fully automatic multi-station measuring and balancing systems, as well as portable field balancers.
Johansson is often credited as the taxonomic authority for species first described in Centuria Insectorum Rariorum, including the Carolina mantis ("Stagmomantis carolina") and the clipped-wing grasshopper ("Metalepte
Before being named co-host of "Morning Live" in 2005, Hamm was the station's crime reporter and backup news anchor.
The following year, he was inducted into the Buffalo, New York Broadcasters Hall of Fame.
Sergeant André Louis Bosson (1894-1918) was a French World War I ace credited with seven aerial victories.
For the UW 225 produced from 1935, the engine size was increased to 2,257 cc and the maximum power was increased to or respectively at 3,300 or 3,800 rpm: the increased power was reflected in a modest increase in the top speed to.
This is confirmed by referring to texts such as those of Tabari, Abolfazl Beyhaghi, Tarikh-i Sistan and Naser Khosrow's "Safar Nama", among many others.
Gibson built a custom version for Wes and it is now available - this L-5 is known as the Wes Montgomery model.
The motto of this all-girls boarding school is "to raise women who embody the feminine virtues and the Japanese tradition."
Przybysz has a medical degree from the Federal University of Parana, Brazil, jointly with Harvard Medical School. He graduated in 2013 with honors after completing his internship in oncology.
His first solo album after leaving his band Ben Folds Five, Rockin' the Suburbs, was recorded in Adelaide, Australia, where Folds was living at the time.
Southern Miss scored 31 unanswered points to take a 31-14 lead midway through the fourth quarter.
The new series stars a new Hikarian, Lightning West, and a new human lead, Kenta Hijiribashi ( ⁇  "Hijiribashi Kenta").
Their small size and high speed made them difficult targets for E-boats or torpedo bombers, but they were especially vulnerable to mines and heavy weather.
The MS.315 was developed from the MS.300 primary trainer and its variants and first flew in October 1932.
As the name suggests, the seat incorporated large parts of the old Borough of Bermondsey and Borough of Southwark, within the modern London Borough of Southwark (which is much larger than historic Southwark).
Former Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the Los Angeles City Council praised Albert for his civic contributions to the city of Los Angeles.
On September 15, 2003, Abdelhanine Benallou was appointed as the new General Manager of ONDA.
Other Fw 190 pilots were not so lucky as electrical problems in the trim switch caused or were suspected to have caused a number of crashes.
Each "Mitsuoka Roadster" is individually handcrafted by 45 skilled craftsmen at the Mitsuoka factory in Toyama, Japan.
Eli Holzman is a creator, writer and producer of several TV shows and episodes, but has recently achieved his greatest success in reality TV series.
The song was also recorded by Ruth Davis, whose version reached No. 6 on the Billboard R&B chart in 1949.
They found the old Litchdon Street premises too cramped and moved the company to a site on the Roundswell Industrial Estate in 1989.
Scipio was also eager for a fight and marched northwards up the Po to meet him.
The match between Italy and France was the only game of the tournament, although it is not recorded in the annals of French rugby history.
Rabbi Yosef has led the organization from the beginning, although he was initially known only by his first name, highlighting the delicate situation of homosexuals in the Orthodox Jewish community in Israel.
In May 1916, Bimba began attending classes at Valparaiso University, a small private college in Valparaiso, Indiana, which had gained a reputation among the Lithuanian immigrant community as a friendly institution.
The plight of these women sparked a new chapter of feminism to fight against female degrading practices, including sexually transmitted diseases, childbirth outside marriage and child sexual abuse.
The remaining part of the clough is a good place to walk and experience nature.
A creek, draining from Maligaya, crosses the island in the south and flows into the sea in the northwest.
On January 24, 2006, WB and UPN announced that they would merge.
The 272nd Regiment of the 9th Viet Cong Division was involved in the battle and has since recovered.
The "Garafiano Shepherd" is a breed of dog native to La Palma, Canary Islands.
The target group was 16-25 year olds and the purpose was to give them more access to their culture and heritage, make them discuss and relate to culture and heritage and teach them how to work together.
Wynter was presented to the living of Winwick in 1525 (on Larke's resignation from Winwick in 1523), and then spent time in Paris with Lupset.
In addition to the main festival, the Encounters Outdoor Solar Cinema Tour travels to several parks in Bristol and South Gloucestershire during the month of September and shows a free program of family-friendly short films and animations under the stars.
Gamelion is an independent award-winning developer of video games and entertainment apps for mobile devices, PC and consoles.
During his 49-day tenure as Cabinet Minister in Arvind Kejriwal government, he worked closely with his close aides Lokesh Goel, Dr. Nikunj Agarwal, Rajesh Gupta and other dedicated volunteers.
The submission deadline was October 3, 2016, and the Academy announced the list of eligible films later that month.
By definition, "venal" acts do not mean "stealing" or "lying", but rather a consensual agreement, perhaps without conscience or regard for consequences, but not synonymous with stealing.
The missiles and satellites were not detected at their maximum detectable range because the coverage of the fixed beam configuration did not match the test range layout.
In about 1740 it was replaced by Cherington Park, built for John Neale and greatly enlarged in the 19th century by the addition of three service ranges around a courtyard.
Traditionally, "lagging indicators" have been used to identify trends in accidents that occur in the workplace.
Bryon Allen (born May 1, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Rick Adams founded a nonprofit telecommunications company, UUNET Communications Service, to reduce the cost of UUCP mail and Usenet traffic, especially for rural sites in America.
Consider, for example, the following extracts from the "Treatise on the Court": Refuge, Eustache de (2007).
He is contacted by people from the future who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again.
Tchernov was born in Tel Aviv and received his Ph.D. from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1966.
George L. Wainwright Jr. (born December 10, 1943) is a former associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
The department is one of the best in East Anglia and one of the best in the country.
Today, the (Johnson Space Center) stands where the old rice farm was.
William A. Sayer collected specimens of it on "Mt Bellenden Ker" in 1887, as recorded on Ferdinand von Mueller's "9/87" label on his herbarium specimen sent to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, UK on 15 March 1892.
According to David X. Cohen, the 100th episode may serve as a mid-season finale, depending on Comedy Central.
The construction of the Karl ⁇ n district began in 1817 around the Roserium of the Knights of the Red Cross.
In late July 1941, 70 to 80 Jewish men were killed in a mass execution by German and Lithuanian Einsatzgruppen.
Lady Agnes Keith was born in Dunnottar Castle, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, about 1540, the eldest daughter of William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal and Margaret Keith.
Tinbergen added to de Ruiter's experiments and found that when caterpillars were more abundant than twigs, birds continued to hunt, but when caterpillars seemed rare compared to twigs, birds stopped hunting altogether.
Short received his PhD in theoretical physics from Imperial College London in 1988.
This is probably at least part of the reason for his animosity towards the other characters, especially prom queen Claire Standish (Molly Ringwald), who clearly comes from a wealthy family.
Eliseev, using various pseudonyms (Grytsko was the best known), headed the "Internal Review" department and, according to B & EED, was later considered the founder of this particular review genre in Russian journalism.
The red "pots" cover the eastern part of the bay, from Barangays San Miguel and Suba to Barangay Nahulid of Libagon town.
Pont Croesor is a new railway station in Wales, on the Welsh Highland Railway, which runs through Snowdonia National Park from Caernarfon to Porthmadog.
Charles I moved his court to Timișoara in early 1315 because oligarchs dominated most of his kingdom.
Bryon Allen (born May 1, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Dr. Srikantan completed his schooling in a local government school and did his pre-university at St. Joseph's College, Bangalore.
Boylan's short stories are collected in "Nail on the Head" (1983), "Concerning Virgins" (1990) and "That Bad Woman" (1995).
Arthur Mitchell Wilson (24 August 1888 - 19 December 1947) DSO was a gynaecologist and obstetrician and an Australian rules footballer who played for the University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Welles told Graver that only one other person had ever called him to say he wanted to work with him, and that was Gregg Toland, who worked with Welles on "Citizen Kane".
The Ox Anthology is a 2CD collection of the work of late The Who bassist John Entwistle.
Warrior King's best known hits are "Virtuous Woman", "Hold Da Faith", "My Life", "Can't Get Me Down" and most recently "Wan na Give You Love".
The company has kept the Savoy operas in the public eye for over a century and has left a lasting legacy of production styles and stagecraft that are still imitated in new productions.
Born in Wilson County, North Carolina, Wainwright earned a degree in political science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill before working in agribusiness in Wilson, North Carolina for over 15 years.
He calls this spread of Cahokian material culture "Pax Cahokiana" because of its far-reaching and distinct influence.
Wallis Heights is a former military community on the eastern shore of Halifax Harbour in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, next to the A. Murray MacKay Bridge in Dartmouth.
He was also known for using coarse language, especially in confrontation with government officials and clergy, who were the most influential political groups at the time.
At the time, the "split" of the route was temporary and was introduced to ease delays while major long-term roadworks were carried out on the A47 at Postwick, east of Norwich.
With the expansion of the economy, the number of commuters using the railways has increased rapidly, especially in the Greater Tokyo Area.
Headhunter Redemption was the last game of the studio, which later closed the Stockholm studio due to economic difficulties.
The "Business Driver Award" is given to public officials who "have actively supported small businesses, entrepreneurs and young people as part of the recovery from the economic downturn".
Wolfram Setz (born July 7, 1941) is a German historian, editor, translator and essayist.
In August 2005, Covance acquired GFI Clinical Services, an 80-bed clinical pharmacology business, from West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. to expand its Phase I clinical research offerings.
Baron von Hoym tried unsuccessfully to prevent the relationship, considering his former wife unfit for the role of official mistress.
Several groups stood and fought, but those not overwhelmed in the first rush were forced to retreat.
Apart from the "Dasyu Bhaskar" novels, Rongmon also wrote several other children's novels, namely "Daku", "Paban Konwar" and "Parbatar Ringoni".
One is far more distant than the others and plays no role in the interaction.
Aerie Pharmaceuticals is a publicly traded (NASDAQ: AERI) pharmaceutical company valued at $ 649.99 million in the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and whose products have the ability to cure glaucoma.
His studies on nurse prescribing, NHS cadet schemes, nursing care quality and computer-assisted learning for nurses are particularly disgraceful.
He arrested the town secretary Rosenkranz and the mayor Georg Langerhans, supposedly for suspicion of shady accounting, and confiscated 4002 marks and 37 pfennigs - with a receipt, of course (he signed it with his former jailer's name).
The Battle of Ponchatoula was fought March 24-26, 1863 in Ponchatoula, Louisiana and Ponchatoula Creek during the Vicksburg Campaign.
After the untimely death of Jim O'Brien on September 25, 1983, he began reporting the weather for WPVI's "Action News", a position he still holds today.
She and Lloyd Waddy led ACM through the 1998 Constitutional Convention and the 1999 referendum.
The result is that he simultaneously burns and slashes, more than compensating for the weakness of his serrated sword, which can not cut as deep as a normal one.
In August 2014, ISIS and its allies launched a full-scale invasion and fought with Lebanese troops for five days before being forced back into Syria.
Travers owns the vineyard and winery Bourke & Travers in the Clare Valley wine region of South Australia, selling grapes to Penfolds.
The department, which is part of the Ministry of Justice and Public Security, is responsible for promoting vehicle safety and enforcing both commercial and passenger vehicle laws.
To his surprise, this also worked and they had just invented something with huge implications.
The Cook campus is crossed by the "Westons Mill Pond" section of the scenic Lawrence Brook, which flows between the Rutgers vegetable research farm, Rutgers equine research farm, Rutgers Gardens and Rutgers Helyar Woods.
Based on the BYD F6, the F6e uses iron-based batteries instead of lithium-ion batteries and can be recharged to 70% capacity in 10 minutes.
Ron Yosef (Hebrew:  ⁇   ⁇ ) is the founder of the Israeli organization Hod, which represents Israeli gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews.
It is likely that his lectures were transcribed by his students, which Marchia edited, resulting in several versions of his commentary in manuscript form.
Onyria is an Italian symphonic metal band from Bolzano, Italy, formed in 2012 by singer Helena and guitarist Simon J. Gillman.
Pakistanis in Burma are a historical group of people living in Burma (Myanmar) who trace their origins to Pakistan.
The camel corps spent the next months rounding up stray Italians and fighting local bandits.
A total of 5,500 square meters of a former textile factory were turned into a new art exhibition, with Joseph Beuys' two-story work "Das Kapitalraum 1970-1977" at its core.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative in 1966 by  ⁇ se Kleveland with "Intet Er Nytt Under Solen".
Backchannel communication is present in all cultures and languages, although its frequency and use may vary.
As a teenager, Michael began writing songs with his brother Chris in the band Skarotum.
She said yes, but told him to come back when they played something slower, which he did.
Bootsect.dos is then responsible for loading the files needed to boot the other operating system.
His best season after 1954 was for the original San Francisco Giants in 1958, going 3-1 with a 2.37 ERA in 11 games.
Heerema Marine Contractors was founded in 1948 as a small construction company providing oil platforms in Venezuela.
When applied to "my job is a jail," "jail" would be the basic level, "county jail" the subordinate level and "situation" the superior level.
Thus, during the Boshin War, Shishio was shot in the head, doused in oil and burned alive by Ishin Shishi.
The League lacked real leadership, it had no official chairman of its lower house parliamentary party.
Next Generation Security Software Ltd is a UK-based security company that focuses on Microsoft security issues.
Leonard Marks realized the potential of the Coldwater River region and the dense forests and fertile banks of Cassidy's Bayou when he bought a small trading boat and plied goods up and down the river.
The former Australian Joint Stock Bank (former) / Gympie Stock Exchange offices and club (former) were listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 15 April 2011 having met the following criteria.
The album contains notable tracks such as the first song ever recorded by Brides Of Funkenstein, "Love Is Something", featuring P-Funk lead guitarist Eddie Hazel, as well as radio ads for Bootsy Collins' Ultra Wave album.
She graduated from Western Ontario University with a degree in history and received her master's degree in journalism from UWO.
The single was the most successful of the trio's career, peaking at number one on the R&B chart for 15 weeks.
It was previously owned by a man named Fred Coleman, who ran a nearby lodge in the 1880s.
The asylum seekers / invaders, now accompanied by police, advanced along the main highway to the capital.
Lizbeth  ⁇ ngeles Mercado (born June 29, 1990) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Pachuca in the Liga MX Femenil.
It is close to Ermine Street, the old Roman road that runs north to Lincoln.
Soon after his mother goes upstairs to use the phone, he decides to open the box, revealing a happy puppy.
Zelenci was declared a nature reserve in 1992 for its geological interest and as a home to many endangered animal and plant species.
The song won the Billboard Latin Music Award for "Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year, New Artist" and is nominated for "Song of the Year" at this year's Latin Grammy Awards.
In 2007, "The Blue Zone" debuted on the New York Times bestseller list.
Marius  ⁇ aromskis and Waachiim Spiritwolf fought in a rematch, their third fight, after a controversial doctor stoppage in their previous Bellator fight in May 2012.
Taliban and al-Qaeda are indestructible terrorist groups that cause thousands of injuries and deaths among different citizens.
Most Indo-Caribbean Americans are Hindus, with a significant minority belonging to Islam, Sikhism, Jainism, Zoroastrianism, Christianity, Baha'i and other religions.
Each race has 9-12 obstacles, depending on the course.
In May 2015, after a break from politics, Weaver was appointed campaign manager for Sanders' presidential campaign.
Although best known for its photo booths, Photo-Me operates, sells and services a range of instant service equipment.
Starting with Judo in 1974, Erik Paulson has trained in many disciplines including Tae Kwon Do, Boxing, JKD and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, studying first with Rorion Gracie in his garage in 1989.
One theory suggests that the grape originated in France and was brought to Monferrato in the eleventh century.
The BBR is a build-operate-transfer project that has reduced the distance between Bulawayo and South Africa to 317 km. Before its inauguration, the rail service between SA and Zimbabwe took a route about 200 km longer through Botswana.
Burks won an Oscar for his work on Hitchcock's "To Catch a Thief" (1955).
Its main object of worship is Shakyamuni, according to Encyclopedia Nipponica, and its honorific prefix is "sang ⁇ ".
It is a universal story about human behavior, a story of love in the face of doubt.
She was secretary general of the Norwegian Gymnastics Federation from 1995 to 2000 and became president of the Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and the Norwegian Sports Confederation in 2007.
Both works had a great influence on neoclassical architecture in Britain and on the continent.
James Treacy (born 1943) is an Irish retired hurler who played left corner back for Kilkenny senior team.
His grandmother, the 18th Duchess of Medinaceli, died in 2013 when he succeeded as 19th Duke, his mother, who was the previous heir to the dukedom, died in 2012.
Thomas Fearn Frist Jr. (born August 12, 1938) is an American billionaire physician and businessman.
The oldest examples are in Ghent (Flanders, Belgium) and date from the 12th century: the "Spijker" house on Graslei and other Romanesque buildings in this city.
Moda Records, also known as Moda/Vanilla Records, is a record label founded by Nicky Kalliongis.
With little or no controversy, the games were deemed generally successful, with the standard of competition among Malaysian states rising.
Her mother was Keouawahine, daughter of Kauhiwawaeono of Maui by his wife, Chiefess Loe-wahine, who was in turn daughter of State Counselor Kameiamoku.
Sometimes it takes one person to make a difference, and Gilkey helped the world by showing different aspects of life.
He married Helen, daughter of D. C. Donnelly, M.L.A., who survived him with a son and a daughter.
The Ministry is headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who is also the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, currently Mark Rutte.
She has also worked as an actress in Boston, California and Chicago, including with David Mamet.
When her father died, she inherited his immense wealth, but she chose to forego it to pursue her career, and her fortune was held in trust.
For the first time in program history, the Knights were nationally ranked after a nationally televised rout of Houston on November 5.
The group published a collection of short stories in a trade paperback called Worlds of Fantasy.
And for every horrible moment in Dorian's life, the portrait remains a living record of his sins.
Onitsuka Tiger's first product was a basketball shoe that resembled a straw sandal in many ways.
In 1999, Samir Geagea and ten other members of the Lebanese Forces were falsely convicted of the murder.
Ren Shang (d.118) was the Protector General of the Western Regions under the Eastern Han between 102-106.
Also, look for tags like and to guide your contributions to project articles.
The 1987-88 Japan Ice Hockey League season was the 22nd season of the Japan Ice Hockey League.
However, a poor start in Serie A 2007-08 and a first round UEFA Cup elimination to FC Zurich convinced Empoli's management to sack Cagni and appoint Alberto Malesani as his replacement.
This process is similar to that followed by psychiatrists to classify and diagnose psychiatric entities, which culminated in the DSM-IV criteria.
In 26 matches, New Zealand won seven and lost five, with the rest drawn, including several affected by weather.
The dead were buried with the skull or legs of a horse, saddles, stirrups or other horse equipment.
This film also heavily influenced the music video for Elliott Smith's Son of Sam.
In August 1852 he was appointed director of military education, but the rest of his life was devoted to literary pursuits.
Despite wounds, malaria and the destruction of several guns, he remained at his post.
The South African government questioned the secrecy surrounding the trial and warned of the possibility of an unfavorable reaction in Nigeria and internationally to the execution of the sentences.
A manor below Konjice Castle was mentioned as early as 1362, held until the 17th century by the Trebnik barons, who sold it to the Tattenbach counts.
This video was called "Band of Brothers" which covered the deployment of Marines in Iraq.
The population had been declining since the 19th century until a surge in economic growth occurred in 1986.
However, despite the high level of production and general solidity, the album was not a success.
Phosphorix contributed to the XCRI project, which developed a schema for course-related information.
Many Cyprididae live in temporary water bodies and have drought-resistant eggs, mixed/parthenogenetic reproduction and the ability to swim.
Bellamy was a country and western singer first and foremost and in the late 1950s he played in a duo with Alan Klein.
Katja Kramarczyk (born 18 March 1984) is a German handball player for ?.
He was the party's vice-chairman and was elected party senior vice-chairman (now called deputy leader) at the 1979 SNP conference, defeating Margo MacDonald for the post.
Schooley then asked Conacher to play with the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets in a four-game series against his former team, the Toronto Aura Lee hockey team, and the Hamilton Tigers.
A referent may be different in one context than in another.
In traditional use, the rhizome was ground in a stone mortar with a stone pestle, mixed with ripe "noni" fruit and then used to treat severe sprains.
Thus, a 500 g packet of rye bread, legally produced in Germany, could be sold in the UK, although it was not legal under British law for a British baker to produce an identical 500 g packet of bread.
Si converted to Marxism-Leninism while studying at Ningbo Li Xinggui Junior High School, leading his classmate Luo Yang to study hard.
Lehen studied at the Bratislava Academy of Fine Arts between 1949 and 1955 under the professors D. Mili and V. Hlo ⁇ n ⁇ k.
The training program was first held in August 2010 and the fellows receive ongoing guidance and mentoring.
He and his second wife were driving through the city at night in an Autobianchi A112 when a number of gunmen on motorcycles and a car forced the car off the road, where it crashed into a stationary vehicle.
A minute later, explosions were heard in the area as the US base came under heavy attack from enemy 60-mm and 82-mm mortars.
Located in the unincorporated community of Highpoint, it is adjacent to the city of Largo.
Kristaps Jani ⁇ enoks (born March 14, 1983) is a Latvian professional basketball player who currently plays for BK VEF R ⁇ ga.
She discovered that Starfox did not use his powers to influence her decision to sleep with him, but was responsible for her sudden infatuation with and marriage to John Jameson.
From 1807 to 1882, an "Allgemeine Zeitung" was published in Augsburg, but it is not related to the later newspaper.
Despite the international crisis, which is hitting Europe and North America the most, the Moroccan airport authority reports a steady increase in passenger numbers, aircraft movements and processed cargo.
The T ⁇ kaid ⁇  Shinkansen, the world's first modern high-speed rail, opened in 1964.
This is equivalent to saying that the left global dimension is at most 1.
Cavalieri, her husband and servants heard an American bomber nearby and ran to the air raid shelter in the grounds, but Cavalieri and her husband were delayed because they were collecting her valuable jewelry from the house.
Zachary Bierk (born September 17, 1976 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.
Mountain madtom is found in fast-flowing clear riffles that are shallow, usually headwater streams.
Elsewhere, Data arrives at Yar's quarters, where she has changed into a revealing dress and throws her arms around him.
Scania N112 (known as Scania BR112 until 1984) was a transverse engine bus chassis built by the Scania division of Saab-Scania AB of Sweden between 1980 and 1988, mainly for the UK market.
Once these root causes are addressed and the process is brought under control, it is no longer necessary to use these complex and wasteful transactional systems, and they can be gradually eliminated.
Glulx is a 32-bit portable virtual machine for writing and playing interactive fiction.
Lady Argyll had obtained most of Queen Mary's jewels left in Earl Moray's custody when the queen was moved to Lochleven Castle in 1567.
Michelle Cruz Gonzales (born October 29, 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is a musician, author and English professor.
These mining centers were home to thousands of workers and their families from Chile, Bolivia, Peru and Argentina in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
He was elected to Parliament in 1951 to fill the vacancy caused by his father's death.
The Kandy Clock Tower is located in the center of Kandy CBD at the intersection of Sri Dalada Vediya, S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike Mawatha and Hiragedara Mawatha.
Craig Lee (born May 9, 1977) is a Scottish professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.
Storm initially acted alone, but soon recruited other X-Men as officers, forming the first legitimate mutant organization in their history.
They found the old Litchdon Street premises too cramped for their operations and moved the company to a site on the Roundswell Industrial Estate in 1989.
Senchus Fer n-Alban (The History of the Men of Scotland) is an Old Irish medieval text, believed to have been compiled in the 10th century.
He graduated in Physics but entered journalism with the encouragement of his friend Raimundo Pereira.
The Ministry of Local Government and Development announced that the official English translation of "Gaunpalika" would be "Rural municipality".
He was murdered in Palermo on September 3, 1982 on the orders of Mafia boss Salvatore Riina.
In 2013, the parasite was identified in Patagonia in both A. mellifera and B. terrestris, the second time it was found in honeybees.
Marian Jane, who married Charles M. Kriston, and George Langstroth, who married Justine Allen, then Kim Borkowitz.
Since 1994, pressure groups in the area have sought independence from Cameroon, and the Republic of Ambazonia was formally declared by the Southern Cameroon Peoples Organization (SCAPO) on 31 August 2006.
The barangay (ward/district) plays a key role as the planning and implementing unit of government policies, programs and activities.
Among his pupils were the English lyric tenor Heddle Nash (1894-1961) and the German baritone Willi Domgraf-Fassbaender (1897-1978).
Mkhuze Game Reserve (also spelled Mkhuze) was declared a protected area on 15 February 1912.
At Zelenci, water from the underground stream Nadi ⁇ a (originating in the Planica valley) emerges through the porous bottom of a two-meter deep lake, whose waters are known for their deep, brilliant green.
A "ratum" ends what "is" for a just reason, while a Declaration of Nullity ends what "never really was" in the eyes of Catholic theology and matrimonial law.
Some elders believed that the bell was thrown into the nearby quicksand in Barangay Zone III, which is now the site of the bus terminal.
Lemos returned to Portugal with Pedro Vaz de Caminha's letter announcing the "discovery" of Brazil.
It is also the former home of the ECHL Augusta Lynx from 1998-2008, the Augusta Stallions of af2 from 2000-2002 and the Augusta Colts of the American Indoor Football Association from 2006-2008.
Michael Grattan O'Leary (19 February 1888 - 7 April 1976) was a Canadian journalist, publisher and senator.
It is used to convert insoluble drugs like brown heroin or crack cocaine into water-soluble form by adding acids like citric, ascorbic, acetic and lactic acid.
During this period, the Keetoowah were mainly members of the Protestant Baptist, Methodist and Presbyterian churches, and a few Quakers.
If a new space object is detected by the detection radar, the tracking radar can be oriented to achieve lock-on and tracking.
Clarion School, owned and operated by Scholars International Group (SIG), aims to be the leading American school in the region.
In 2009, it was revived and has been held annually since, attracting over 10,000 runners.
Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasir al Saud (born 1977) is a member of the Saudi royal family who brutally murdered his servant Bandar Abdulaziz in their suite at the Landmark Hotel in London in November 2010.
Its main features include Unicode support, multiple terminal emulation (Avatar, ANSI.SYS, VT100, XTerm, etc.), file transfer protocols, keyboard macros, external scripts, host mode and a dial directory.
The Avoiding Mass Extinctions Engine (AMEE) is a software API service and wiki that provides access to a database of information on carbon dioxide emissions from the manufacture and use of household appliances, personal transport and consumer goods.
He ended the year with three more five-wicket hauls, which came in consecutive innings against South Africa and Sri Lanka.
He created the title role in Umberto Giordano's opera "Andrea Chénier" and later became famous for his performances of Richard Wagner's music, becoming the first Italian tenor to appear at the Bayreuth Festival.
At the same concert, they played a song for a girl named Makenzie, whose father had just died and who always drove her to Jonas Brothers concerts.
A dome light may also be a light attached to the ceiling of a room or building.
Their chances of winning the 2004 elections suffered another blow in April 2004 when several other opposition politicians formed the United Abkhazia alliance.
These services mainly included voice telephony services, both fixed and mobile.
Venice had dismembered the Byzantine Empire in 1204 and gradually seized land on the Adriatic, bringing it into conflict with Hungary, and land in Italy, causing rivalry with Milan.
The play was made into a movie, which was to be aired on Multnomah County's public access cable TV on May 26, 1989.
Females are born with all their eggs, but part of the egg development occurs during puberty.
The African Hill Babbler (Pseudoalcippe abyssinica) is a bird species in the Sylviidae family and it has been suggested that it be placed in the genus "Sylvia" with such familiar European species as the
A benefit performance was held in her honor at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1872.
He recently starred in the West Yorkshire Playhouse and Birmingham Rep co-production of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Philips was the youngest son of Robert Philips, a merchant of The Park, Manchester, and his wife Anne "née" Needham.
There is also another more common system of division according to  ⁇  ("titles").
He then went to Munich, where he studied at the Walter Thorn Academy and the Royal Bavarian Academy, among others under Nikolaos Gyzis.
In Dublin, she accepted an invitation from Evelyn Gleeson to form the Dun Emer Guild with Susan, an embroiderer.
The ducks are fairly common within their restricted range, they are resident all year round and do not migrate.
The construction of the brick building (80m long, 26m high) began in 1289.
A licensing scheme administered by the Postmaster General's Department was soon established, allowing certain stations to receive government funding, albeit with restrictions on their advertising content.
Clairville wrote "Helvetische Entomologie" published in Zurich in 1798 and translated Johann Matthäus Bechstein's "Naturgeschichte der Hof- und Stubenvögel" under the title "Histoire Naturelle des Oiseaux de Chambre" (1825).
It is located on Grampians Road, adjacent to the Grampians National Park, in the Shire of Northern Grampians.
Vanderbilt was granted limited parental rights and was allowed to see her daughter Gloria on weekends in New York.
In December 1946, Westland Aircraft and Sikorsky signed an agreement to manufacture the British version of the S-51 under license in the UK.
He also writes columns for the newspaper Kaleva and record reviews for Rytmi magazine.
So they usually trade at a discount and may offer higher dividends for surrendering voting rights.
Mascall was appointed bishop of Hereford by papal decree on 2 July and consecrated on 6 July 1404.
After art school, Ridgers went into advertising, where he worked as an art director for ten years.
Zin creates a wormhole that allows almost instant travel from the Migar solar system to ours.
However, he did not make the team and instead played in the American Basketball Association with the San Diego Conquistadors and in the Philippines.
James, with 42 catches and 43 stumpings in first-class matches, was also praised by Wisden.
Before signing with Adams State, Craig broke some of Craig Mottram's junior records over 1500 meters in his home state of Australia and won the National All Schools title over 800 meters.
After privatization, JR companies tried to improve their services, some of them succeeded.
In the UK, "WOMEN!" was broadcast on BBC Two from 20 October 2011.
After breaking his oath, however, Lembeck was besieged by the king's army.
The Dallas Chess Club (DCC) is one of the largest chess organizations in the United States and a gold affiliate of the United States Chess Federation.
What was supposed to be a short campaign turned into a nine-year war.
Vasia Loi (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ ) born in 1977 in Germany is a Greek top model, journalist and TV presenter.
It has many facilities such as the ski resort (with other facilities besides skiing), the Teineyama Ropeway and the "Sapporo Teine Golf Club" fields.
Waiting for a more convenient moment to attack Zaragoza proved to be a grave mistake, as Franco's forces became stronger and it became impossible to retake the city. Abel Paz, "Ibidem", p. 485.
She did not work alone, but in close consultation with Braso and another former tsarist officer, General G. J. Sosnowsky.
He is a graduate of Northwestern University in Chicago and currently lives in Los Angeles.
From its inception until 1995, the BYU Cougars women's soccer team competed in the Western National Collegiate Soccer Association (NCCSA).
While the event champions of the first six seasons did not initially receive a bracelet, the WPT presented them with bracelets at a special event at the Bellagio in Las Vegas on April 21, 2008.
The team played in Serie D in 2007-08 and 2008-09 and played in Eccellenza Campania until the end of the 2010-11 season.
Dorothy Layton (August 13, 1912 - June 4, 2009) was an American film actress of the early 1930s.
The brick structure in the background used to house the radiators for the gas-powered generator in the casemate next door.
Rachael Padman (born Russell Padman in 1954) is an Australian-born transgender woman and a lecturer in physics at Cambridge University, England.
Demeter was the goddess of fertility, she ruled the seasons and the fertility of the earth.
Wang also realized that it was very difficult to reproduce such extraordinary experiences under controlled scientific conditions.
In the township, the population was spread out with 13.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% between the ages of 18 and 24, 44.7% between the ages of 25 and 44, 24.3% between the ages of 45 and 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years of age or older.
The sustainable features of the building include curtain wall technology, motion sensors on lighting controls, low-flow plumbing fixtures, a high-efficiency heating and cooling plant, and a "green" roof with 30% of its surface planted.
The back of the tablet (with 23 lines) lists 17 different divinities to which the local Samnite population was devoted at one time.
He was governor of several provinces, most notably Britannia, where he hosted Emperor Hadrian's visit to the province the previous year.
Juan Fernández (born in Cordova, died in Japan on June 12, 1567) was a Spanish Jesuit lay brother and missionary.
The first single "Bugs" was released on January 26, 2011, and the band toured extensively in the US and Europe to support the record.
The barangay is named after the Hindang (Anubing) tree, a tree that reaches a height of about 30 meters and a diameter of about 100 centimeters.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradi ⁇ e" to "Gradi ⁇ e pri Trebnjem" in 1953.
She wrote introductions to Kate O'Brien and Molly Keane's novels and adapted Molly Keane's novel Good Behaviour as a classic serial for BBC R4 (2004).
The Hilton Cleveland Downtown Hotel is a skyscraper on the corner of Ontario Street and Lakeside Avenue along The Mall in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
In 1898, the New Era Baptist State Convention split from the ACBSC, and another split in 1920 gave birth to the New Era Progressive State Convention.
In the real show in 1988, as a takeoff on the lighting of Wrigley Field, Carson ceremonially lit up the edge of the set so Cordova could finally be seen.
The 1920-21 Ligue Magnus season was the seventh season of the Ligue Magnus, the top level of ice hockey in France.
The engine is mounted in pusher configuration behind the cockpit, with the tail boom running under the propeller.
He is known for a number of fundamental contributions to quantum field theory, including work on what is now called the 't Hooft-Polyakov monopole in non-abelian gauge theory, independent of Gerard 't Hooft.
Carlo Alberto dalla Chiesa (27 September 1920 - 3 September 1982) was an Italian general, known for his fight against terrorism in Italy in the 1970s.
While waiting to hear from the kidnappers, Holly and Laura talk about their children and their involvement with Luke, and finally make peace with each other.
The center offers all kinds of performing arts, including classical music, jazz and popular music, vocal training, acting and musical theater.
She was known for her beauty and mastered the three main sports of Mongolia: Mongolian wrestling, horse racing and archery. She was famous for defeating men on the battlefield and in wrestling.
The diffraction formula uses Kirchhoff's integral theorem to calculate the wave disturbance when a spherical wave passes through an opening in an opaque screen.
Historian Alexandru Madgearu also grouped six churches excavated near Mureş in Cenad, Pâncota, Săvârşin, Miniş, Mocrea and Sz ⁇ reg in the 11th and 12th centuries.
The two water-cooled engines in the C.101 and C.103 produced speeds of and respectively, the former being faster than the more powerful C.107 and the latter only slightly faster than the lowest-powered C.104.
The archives of the Requests page, which began in September 2010, were discontinued in September this year because the maintenance was too time-consuming for the few who managed the page.
She was 21 when she made her first quilt, "Nocturn Regalis", and 23 when she finished her last quilt, "Alchemy".
The prize fund in 2005 was $2.5 million, the second largest in women's golf that year after the US Women's Open, and in 2006 it was $ 3 million.
Cyril E. Marfleet Battle bought another 870 acres of surrounding land from Matthew Cowper, Earl of Melbourne, in 1871-1877.
The North American English dub producer Funimation Entertainment divided the series into four "seasons", each with its own story arc, which they call sagas.
It toured (but not continuously) and played short London seasons of Gilbert and Sullivan operas and a few continental operettas, also issuing some popular recordings.
EDL code can contain classes, structures, functions, enumerations, data types and many other C++ features.
Librarians are trained to help the public use tools like Wikipedia as part of lifelong learning.
Born and raised in Grimsby, a small fishing town on the east coast of England, Lee MacDougall was still a child when he realized he wanted to be a musician.
Aladdin returns to Hassim, but he fears that he will be killed if Hassim takes the lamp from him, so he refuses to give it to him.
According to oral tradition, the Caliphate gave permission to the inhabitants to plant vineyards and make wine.
The region is also known as Gyp Hills because of the large natural deposits of gypsum in this area.
A language can have thousands of speakers and still be moribund if language learning has stopped abruptly in a large population.
Chilstrom did not have the two years of college required to enter the Air Cadet program, so he enlisted in the US Army Air Corps to train as an aircraft mechanic.
The more advanced and slightly later Madiganella may have been a good swimmer, as indicated by the hyponymous sinus, and may have been an active stalker with a horizontal orientation.
In 2004, a book by Paul Fryer and Olga Usova was published, "Lina Cavalieri - The Life of Opera's Greatest Beauty, 1874-1944".
Hedley John Howarth (born December 25, 1943) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played 30 Tests and 9 One Day Internationals.
The Warren Street Bypass was first planned in 1949 as a widening of Warren Street in Reading leading to a new bridge over Tulpehocken Creek to Wyomissing.
In 2004, the International Committee of Young Fine Gael relaunched the magazine as an online PDF version, which deals with the internal workings of the International Committee of YFG and also as a forum for debate on international affairs.
Bangoura was a member of Guinea's squad for the 2006 African Nations Cup, where the team was eliminated in the quarter-finals.
In the lamp lives a genie who can grant any wish to the young boy who wants to marry Princess Leila.
In his subsequent trial, he pleaded not guilty, stating that a higher moral law required him to continue anti-nuclear activism rather than go to prison.
It consists of several different rail lines acquired from CSX and Norfolk Southern and originally operated as divisions of the South Carolina Central Railroad.
At the end of the film, there is a strong emphasis on redemption through religion (milder than in the episodes covering her youth), while Van Eeden (who was a psychiatrist) at least as strongly emphasizes the role of psychoanalysis.
Amanda Trunzo (born August 30, 1989) is a former Minnesota women's ice hockey player.
She underwent a sex change in 1982 when she was awarded a PhD in astronomy.
This system allows countries to progress and for a wider range of athletes to compete against opposition they may not normally face.
The eastern lake is the smallest of the three, about three miles long and a mile wide.
He brings a lone mutant survivor (a purple-haired, tentacled old woman) who explains how she survived the disaster as a young girl.
The cargo ship was bombed and damaged off Dunkerque, Nord, France by Luftwaffe aircraft with the loss of 18 lives.
Gilkey pursued his interest in photography in the mid-1980s when he studied photojournalism at Oregon State and was a photojournalist for The Daily Barometer, the OSU student newspaper, but he did not complete his studies.
In 2001, he covered the conflict diamond trail in Sierra Leone, DR Congo and Angola for National Geographic magazine.
Each simulated robot player can have its own playing strategy and characteristics, and each simulated team is actually a collection of programs.
In Iraq, Islamic Help's Baghdad office is located in the Abu Hanifa Mosque, which was for a long time the main center of the Sunni insurgency that occurred there.
Cimpress N.V. is a Dutch company that manufactures customized products for businesses, graphic professionals and consumers.
Seventeen (17) years later, the Spanish chronicler Miguel de Loarca noted that Sugut was one of the indigenous villages of Leyte, together with Cabalian (San Juan), Ormog (Ormoc City) and Tandaya (Carigara).
Charles-Roux served on the boards of directors of Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, Compagnie Fraissinet, Compagnie des Messageries Maritimes, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Nord, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Sud, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Nord-Ouest, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Nord
In the last 25 years, he has become one of the leading authorities on Elvis Presley, authoring and self-publishing over 40 books on the subject.
Its signal reaches as far north as parts of southern New Hampshire and as far south as Providence, Rhode Island.
Its 2D performance was rated as excellent, beating its peers such as the S3 ViRGE and ATI Mach64 video cards.
The opening of the shopping center shifted several businesses from downtown Dover, including JCPenney, which became the anchor store of the mall.
He was the brother of MPs John Ashe, Edward Ashe and Sir Joseph Ashe.
The chemistry, romance, class, sexiness and charm of this couple will delight millions of fans in the coming years.
Pineda, nicknamed "La Garrobita", played for  ⁇ guila during Barraza's Kinder Era in the mid-1970s.
Burks did not become a full-time production cinematographer until 1949 with his photography in "The Fountainhead" (1949).
These included a manned lunar base, a space station, the Grand Tour and the original "Voyager (Mars) Program" of Mars Lander probes.
The text is surrounded by a marginal commentary, and it is the only one that has both text and commentary in capitals.
A full-scale replica of this schooner, the tall ship "Lynx", was built in Rockport, Maine in 2001 and then operated in California.
A product of the youth system of C.F. Monterrey, Ismael debuted in the Mexican First Division on July 21, 2001 against UNAM Pumas.
In the mid-20th century, linguistic issues were prominent during the successive administrations of Edwin Morris (who did not speak Welsh) and Glyn Simon (who sympathized with advocates of the use of Welsh).
This lasted until 1945 when the current Wyoming 59 and 387 routes were established.
Christian mercenaries are sometimes accused of letting the Almohads enter the city in exchange for "Am ⁇ n", a sacred safe passage.
The racial composition of the township was 97.60% white, 0.16% African American, 1.20% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.08% other races and 0.56% two or more races.
Aw is also the only actress to win this category four times, surpassing Rui En's three wins.
Antonio Coronel was 17 when he came to California with his parents in 1834.
He later finds out that the Wind Tribe has moved, built a home in the clouds, and they keep the Wind Element in their Palace of Winds.
The Railroad Track Maintenance Tax Credit, also known as the 45G Tax Credit, is a federal income tax credit for track maintenance by short lines and regional railroads in the United States.
Liane Carroll (born February 9, 1964 in London) is an English pianist, keyboardist and singer.
Several individuals were elected under other group names, including lawyer Jason Yat-Sen Li ("A Multicultural Voice") and Misha Schubert (Republic4U-Youth Ticket).
Mike Long is generally credited with keeping the Republican caucus in the majority, which held a 30-20 advantage at its peak.
He started taking his first photos with a small 35mm point-and-shoot camera while he was an exchange student in New Jersey.
John Ross Gillespie (born June 2, 1935 in Timaru) is a former New Zealand field hockey player who twice represented his country at the Summer Olympics: in 1960 and 1964.
Buena Suerte, or more commonly known as Zone II, is one of the 18 barangays in the municipality of El Nido in the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
The commission was chaired by Paul Quilès and the hearings took place between March 24 and July 9, 1998.
However, DNA fingerprinting at the University of California, Davis, showed that the actual "Douce Noire" and "Charbono" vines are not Dolcetto, but two different vines.
Takarazuka Station ( ⁇ ) is a railway station in Takarazuka, Japan, operated by Hankyu Railway.
It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear in the main competition section of the 67th Berlin International Film Festival.
The World Cleanup Day is a global social action program aimed at tackling the global solid waste problem, including the problem of marine debris.
He signed his first professional contract with the club in May 2017, until the summer of 2018.
The Great Helen (Papilio iswara) is a large swallowtail butterfly found in parts of Asia.
The club's current first team sponsor is the Hogshead Bar in Omagh, with the second team sponsored by Subway.
Where Eros serves as the superhero Starfox, he (and the universe) is opposed by his mad brother, the supervillain Thanos.
In her first season as head coach, Timchal led her team to the NCAA final and a 14-3 record.
Artabazus (Greek  ⁇ ) (389 BC-329 BC) was a Persian general and satrap.
He developed a passion for comics and at the age of 14 sent a page to "Journal de Spirou" which was published in a page reserved for new talents.
Her relationship with Beirut is beyond existential, and she is committed to an eternal love with Beirut.
Gorbachev's lifting of censorship allowed many underground rock bands, including Gorky Park, to gain wider popularity.
In 2016, Pardlo accepted a tenured position in the English department of his alma mater, Rutgers University-Camden.
John Sampson was born and raised in Northern Ireland, probably of Scottish or Border English descent.
The end-around is a play in American football in which the end or wide receiver crosses the backfield to the opposite end of the line and receives a handoff directly from the quarterback.
Ricardo Cawaling Jr., popularly known as JR Cawaling (born August 15, 1987) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Kia PBA team in the Philippine Basketball Association.
During the 1980s, Katz illustrated for the daily Davar until its demise and for the short-lived The Nation, creating daily comic strips in both.
The British agreed and the southern Cameroons became an autonomous region with its capital still in Buea.
In November 1911, Schütz was dissatisfied with the editorial standards of the Vienna newspaper "Neue Freie Presse" after it exaggerated the effects of a recent, rather harmless earthquake.
A sighted guide is a person who guides a blind or partially sighted person.
In 1903, Saibara moved to Texas and founded the first Japanese Christian colony in Texas.
Graver's memoir, "Making Movies with Orson Welles," co-written with Andrew J. Rausch, was published by Scarecrow Press in 2008.
It is located in the historic strip of Manila, known for its cultural and economic vitality.
Robert Samuel Kraemer (October 21, 1928 - August 20, 2013) was an American aerospace engineer who served as Director of Planetary Programs at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from 1971 to 1976.
Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa (Saluzzo, 27 September 1920 - Palermo, 3 September 1982) was an Italian Carabinieri general who fought terrorism in Italy in the 1970s and was later assassinated by a member of the
Scott Turner, born September 23, 1975, was a 27-year-old art student from Liverpool.
It remains fully active at temperatures down to but becomes inactive when temperatures drop to.
Trained in the youth system of C.F. Monterrey, Ismael debuted in the Mexican First Division on July 21, 2001 against UNAM Pumas.
Vitamix is a company that produces powerful, expensive blenders for home and commercial use, including food service.
This year he appeared for the first time in an important Italian opera house, the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan, where he sang (as a sign of things to come) the main tenor role in Wagner's "Lohengrin".
Fusion occurs when the nuclei of two atoms approach closely enough for the nuclear force to pull them together into a single larger nucleus.
Born in Los Angeles, California, he graduated from the University of Southern California Law School and began his career in the film industry as Tod Browning's assistant in 1920, and honed his skills at Hal Roach Studios for the rest of the decade.
In mid-1978, Guthrie received a request from Pink Floyd manager Steve O'Rourke to meet with him about potential production projects.
A Terran infected with Zerg usually loses most of his intelligence and sanity as his mind is consumed by Zerg.
Albert Robinson is an American rapper who has earned a buzz with mixtapes like 2010's Somethin Da Hood Made and his Everyday June 30th series.
Hamilton and Rosberg locked out the front row for the seventh time in 2014.
The duo was praised for their songwriting and vocal performances, while the album received mixed reviews for its production, cohesion, multiple genres and guest appearances.
Hämeenmaa will conduct sea trials on her new systems until the end of 2008 when operational readiness is achieved.
Lessons from My Patients in the Art of Medicine is the story of Ofri practicing medicine in small towns across America, then returning to teach and practice at Bellevue Hospital, America's oldest public hospital.
In Turkey, Muhaf ⁇ zgücü is one of the three clubs that have won the national championships in football, basketball and volleyball.
Aimo Mäenpää (born January 30, 1937) is a Finnish former wrestler who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Fairmont Hot Springs is home to the HooDoos, sandstone cliffs with hiking trails.
Culture lovers will enjoy the bustling Ottoman bazaars, and after a long day, you can relax in a seafood restaurant overlooking the Mediterranean.
Mattia Montini (born February 28, 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Juve Stabia on loan from Benevento.
He was heir to a financial empire, a convicted felon and the founder of the Moody Gardens resort complex.
John L. "Jack" Gibson (September 10, 1880 - October 7, 1955) was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder in 1976.
In 2010, Time ranked "La Jetée" first in its list of "Top 10 Time Travel Movies".
The album was promoted by the single Suburban Homeboy, which also did not chart.
As alderman, Smith has been particularly concerned with environmental issues, and has won the United Nations Award for Citizen Action to Protect the Global Environment.
The service flight training schools provided advanced training to pilots who had graduated from the basic flight training schools (EFTS).
The doctor befriends and trusts Gil despite his superiors' attempts to prevent their friendship.
The factors that promote the differentiation of M cells have not yet been elucidated, but they are thought to develop in response to signals from immune cells found in developing Peyer's patches.
Bird reformed the band in the 1990s, playing small venues in England and recording several demos for a new album that was never released.
The NL, which had dominated the All-Star Game the past two years, seemed to be pulling away in the third inning against AL Cy Young Award winner David Cone (of the Royals).
Injury-induced stem cell niches are defined as cellular microenvironments that are generated during tissue injury, these environments are triggered by injury and local responses of support cells and allow repair by endogenous or transplanted neural stem cells.
It was the first meeting of these two great sides since 1947 and "the cats" were installed as firm favorites.
The western part of the bridge is in the park's boundary in DeKalb County.
Three months after its release, "John Wesley Harding" was certified 3x platinum by the RIAA.
The Scorched Peanut Bar was an Australian candy bar that contained peanuts baked in toffee and surrounded by chocolate.
Thenol is ruled by Trandamere, bishop of the evil god Hiddukel (called Hiteh or Hith in Taladas), with the help of huge armies of undead.
The CSM would then be able to dock with the second stage and enter the now empty fuel tanks, providing a workshop in space.
Its concept is based on the "Space Trilogy" and "The Chronicles of Narnia" by C.S. Lewis.
An 8-year study found that the consumption of three flavonoids (kaempferol, quercetin and myricetin) was associated with a lower risk of pancreatic cancer among current smokers, but not among non-smokers and ex-smokers
Vladislav Khomutov (born June 4, 1998 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian professional football midfielder who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.
After Ben Heppner dropped out of the ongoing Metropolitan Opera "Ring Cycle", it was announced in February 2011 that Lehman would sing Siegfried in both "Siegfried" in October 2011 and "Gotterdammerung" in January 2012.
The Aermacchi SF.260 is a light aircraft marketed as an aerobatic and military trainer.
Kota Iskandar (formerly Johor State New Administrative Center (JSNAC)) is the administrative center of Johor, Malaysia.
In the first three decades of settlement, only 100 of the estimated 3,000 aborigines of the three tribes remained.
The highway then intersects US Highway 377 (US 377), where it becomes a six-lane divided highway.
Together with his wife, Tsakalotos owns two houses in Kifisia, an office in Athens and a holiday home in Preveza, courtesy of a large estate belonging to Tsakalotos' father.
Press Start does not take any money for administrative fees, these fees are covered by the directors as their contribution or by fundraising events held throughout the year with any surplus going to the purchase of more toys.
Most of its members followed Formigoni to the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) in 1995.
After the demise of Maximillian Colby, Sleepytime Trio was formed with Drew Ringo (lead singer and guitarist of Maximillian Colby) on guitar and vocals, Ben Davis on bass guitar and vocals and Jonathan Fuller on drums.
Ismael de Jes ⁇ s Rodr ⁇ guez Vega (born January 10, 1981 in Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Club América in the Mexican First Division.
This transition has made rural populations feel less ignored, better connected to the rural diaspora and much more empowered.
At the end of the series, Wentian faces Wanxin in a final fight to the death to stop his brother's rampage.
Bread is very important for Kosovar people, almost every dish is eaten with bread.
Past tasks included chromatography, titration and qualitative analysis, and 90 minutes are given to complete the two experiments.
In Gaul, they were shouted down by assemblies of derisive citizens in full armor.
Natalina "Lina" Cavalieri (December 25, 1875 - February 7, 1944) New York Times-9 February 1944 was an Italian opera soprano and monologuist.
The Scorched Peanut Bar was an Australian candy bar containing peanuts baked in toffee and covered in chocolate.
The center offers all kinds of performing arts, including classical music, jazz and popular music, vocal training, acting and musical theater.
Norman combines academic work with clinical practice at Maudsley Hospital, specialising in the treatment of people with complex anxiety disorders and/or depression.
According to music critics, Kid606's sound is mainly influenced by Ismail YK, a pioneer Turkish electro-music artist.
Gemco was an American, especially Californian, chain of membership department stores owned by San Leandro-based Lucky Stores, a California supermarket chain acquired in the 1980s by American Stores Company, which was later acquired by Albertsons in 1999.
In stereo speakers, the sound from one speaker reaches both ears, although at different levels and with a delay between one ear and another, as the speaker is placed off center.
She is the daughter of Jean Epperson Glasscock and James Glasscock, who owned and operated the "Alpine Avalanche" from 1954 to 1974.
Three Ring Records is an award-winning label based in the San Francisco / Bay Area in Northern California.
The village is located near Shamakhi (the former capital of Azerbaijan during the Shirvanshah regime).
In 1787 he was appointed to a government post in Brussels, where he was on the commission for the reform of church affairs.
They form on short stalks and are easily airborne when the colony is disturbed. Their size is well within the respirable size range for particles (Lippman 2001), which means they can settle deeply in the lungs when inhaled.
The only (endemic) record of this species was in the Wet Tropics rainforests of northeastern Queensland, Australia.
Due to their early history when educational streams were few or non-existent, some early schools (mostly private at the time) were composed of levels reaching and including university.
These awards are given by the Academy and are judged by past "Silver" award winners in the industry.
Weatherford has carefully analyzed the role of Mongol women in the Mongol Empire, whose history is largely unknown.
The head capsule is a little longer than it is wide and has a large pair of mandibles.
One day, during the wedding rehearsal, Bill (played by David Carradine) finds out that Kiddo is still alive and shows up unannounced at the wedding rehearsal.
Drafted by the Sudbury Wolves of the Ontario Hockey League, Adduono debuted with Buffalo's American Hockey League affiliate, the Rochester Americans, in the 1999-2000 season.
This adaptation is associated with developmental patterns such as high birth weight, increased lung volumes, increased breathing and higher resting metabolism.
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,412 people, 995 households and 826 families living in the CDP.
For most of this time, its headquarters was located on the present site of the Faculty of Chemistry of the University of Belgrade, on Students' Square.
The event was supposed to take place at the Coliseum in Cayey, Puerto Rico on November 17, 2007, but it never happened.
After losing his re-election bid, Scherle served as Deputy Secretary of Agriculture from 1975 to 1977.
It is an unusual system and its sediments were deposited during a long period of flooding during the middle to late Cretaceous.
As part of an administrative reform, Steglitz was merged with its neighbor Zehlendorf to form the new borough Steglitz-Zehlendorf.
He was part of the Kenyan 4X400m relay team that reached the final and finished eighth.
It is situated on the Vembanad Lake, known as Kochi Lake, and has a population of over 10,000.
Soccer Buzz rated her as the second international recruit for the 2006 class.
Other substances in "P. incarnata" include mono- and polysaccharides, amino acids and essential oils (Krenn L., 2006).
The difference is that the SIDS program is specifically aimed at HPV chemicals, while the chemicals selected for EU RARs are selected more on the basis of hazard profiles and thus include chemicals with much lower production volumes.
George Richard James Hennessy, 1st Baron Windlesham OBE (23 March 1877 - 8 October 1953), was a British soldier and Conservative politician.
Archeological evidence of Native Americans has been found in arrowheads and spearheads near the shores of Lake Pleasant.
Moyle District Council is a local council in County Antrim in the northeast of Northern Ireland.
In late August 2009, after completing the pre-season with Málaga - he even started and scored in a 1-3 loss against Atlante F.C. in the Peace Cup - Luque was released and soon moved to Real Murcia, on a free transfer.
John Bracken, PC (June 22, 1883 - March 18, 1969) was a Manitoba Premier (1922-1943) and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (1942-1948).
Dumitru Bucsaru sold almost the entire team in the first half of the championship, Unirea now plays with loaned players from Steaua II Bucureşti and Dinamo II Bucureşti.
The 2011 Assen Superleague Formula round, also known as the 2011 Superleague Formula GP Holland, was a Superleague Formula round held on 5 June 2011 at the TT Circuit Assen, Assen, Netherlands.
Originally called "The Triton Times", it is published twice a week during the regular academic year, usually on Mondays and Thursdays.
An appearance at the famous Sunbury Pop Festival in 1975 led to a tour with AC/DC and Chuck Berry as his backing band.
Margaret E. Martin (May 6, 1912 - May 16, 2012) was an economist and statistician at the US Bureau of Budget from 1942 to 1973.
Alexander Coe and John Digweed, better known as Sasha + Digweed, are a pair of DJs.
The company received sponsorship from Sir Michael Bishop, who later became chairman of the board, and BMI British Midland Airways (of which Bishop is chairman).
The greatest threat to the Faye family's succession to the thrones of Sine and Saloum was the Joof family, with whom they had a long feud, according to and.
Warragul's guernsey was originally black with a red V, until 2000 when the guernsey was changed to the current colors of teal, white, red and black.
This is in accordance with the fact that the text of Tikunei haZohar has a different dialect and much less stylistic variation than the rest of Zohar, which was written by Rabbi Shimon together with other Tannaim.
Although Borgatti continued to sing Italian opera roles after 1896, gaining particular fame in Verdi operas and certain verismo compositions, he soon fell under the spell of Wagner's music.
He made his debut for Afghanistan against Japan in the 2008 World Cricket League Division Five, where he made five appearances.
She also made some television appearances, including a guest role with Estelle Winwood in ABC's "The Donna Reed Show" in the episode "Miss Lovelace Comes to Tea" (1959).
In 2003 she recorded her first solo album, "Billy No Mates", released on Splash Point Records.
Of the 36 tracks, 13 were previously unreleased, and nine contain all of the group's top 40 hits from the Billboard Hot 100.
Samuel Trives (born November 8, 1972 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish handball player who currently plays for BM Alcobendas of the Liga Allianz Asobal.
Various body styles were offered, including four-door sports limousines and two-door cabriolets/roadsters.
The 27 years of Roman Catholic rule and successful counter-reformation after the defeat of Frederick V in 1620 meant that the arrival of the Protestant army was unwelcome.
Peter "Banter" Goddard (born September 3, 1945) is a mathematical physicist working in string theory and conformal field theory.
The film was released in North America by Paramount Pictures, which had released another Hanna-Barbera film, "Charlotte's Web," nine years earlier.
It is noteworthy that proton-conducting DESs (e.g., a mixture of imidazolium methanesulfonate and 1H-1,2,4-triazole in a mole ratio of 1:3) have also been used as proton conductors in
The BTP is open to all UVa PhD students in any science or engineering department.
He played on singles from "Body Electric" to "Temple of Love", although some people thought he was only there for live purposes.
Gloria Morgan was the daughter of Chilean-American Laura Delphine Kilpatrick and her husband Harry Hays Morgan, an American diplomat who served as U.S. Consul in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Brussels, Belgium.
These were replaced by the top male and female teams from the "First League".
The Vagelos Program in Molecular Life Sciences (MLS), The Vagelos Program in Life Sciences and Management (LSM) and The Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER).
The Persians lost about 30,000 in the siege, but Shapur II advanced and took Singara and other fortresses in the following years.
Fortunately, Electric Eve fried the policemen before they could do more harm, and the surviving cops had their memories completely erased by the enraged postman.
By its strict definition, committing a venal act does not mean "stealing" or "lying", but rather suggests a consensual agreement, perhaps without conscience or regard for consequences, but is not synonymous with stealing.
He is the current WMC Intercontinental Muay Thai champion and a semi-finalist in the reality show "The Contender Asia".
He became a traveling salesman or "peddler" traveling throughout Pennsylvania on horseback selling household items to housewives and made a respectable living.
The 2016-17 Slovenian First League (known as "Liga NLB" for sponsorship reasons) was the 26th season of the 1.
In 1936, ADGB was abolished as a command, with the Bombing Area becoming Bomber Command and the Fighting Area becoming Fighter Command, which took over the ADGB function.
The wingspan is about 25 mm. The forewings are ferruginous cream with brownish striations and dots.
Neural oscillations are also thought to be involved in time perception and somatosensory perception.
It was created with the help of staff from the Derwent Valley Light Railway at the Yorkshire Agricultural Museum, with a cast of children and adults from We Are Theatre, and also under the magnificent stained glass window in Durham Town Hall.
The song "Chu Chu Chu" from "It B1A4" was used as an intro for the comeback week performances.
In the city, the population was spread out with 17.2% under the age of 18, 13.8% from 18 to 24, 13.8% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years of age or older.
There is also a daily southbound service from Mansfield Woodhouse to Norwich, but no return train.
This situation was partly due to the lack of a formal librarian, and other problems were due to lack of funds in the early decades of the University's history.
The group appears to have six members, but one of the galaxies is a background object and another "galaxy" is actually a separated part of one of the other galaxies.
Although Akadama is more expensive than other soil components, it is valued by many growers for its ability to retain water and nutrients while providing porosity and free drainage.
Influenced by reports from private detectives and family servants, members of the powerful Vanderbilt family believed that Gloria was a bad influence and neglected her daughter, and a custody battle broke out that made national headlines in 1934.
In the late 1800s, when the railway reached Bloemfontein, there was a great influx into the town.
The event took place at Egilshöll in Reykjavik, Iceland, from January 31 to February 3, 2012.
Smuggler's mother is Hall of Fame champion Thoroughbred Inside Information and her father was Kentucky Derby champion Unbridled.
To the consternation of Keith's friends, he and Jack sail away (Keith having received a quick navigation lesson) with little regard for paperwork.
The paper's board responded to the crisis by reorganizing the business department and reducing the salaries of its student staff.
In 1960, after Kirchherr and Vollmer had argued with Voormann, he wandered down the Reeperbahn (in Hamburg's St. Pauli district) and heard music coming from the Kaiserkeller club.
An officially extinct species, it was apparently found only (endemic) in the wet tropics rainforests of north-east Queensland, Australia.
In addition, both double-handed and single-handed F16s compete to be the first to cross the line.
Believing in the power of theater to change young people, educator and director Nick Ho joins social enterprise L Plus H Creations with the ambition to stage a musical.
It was repeated in two parts on the mornings of December 24 and 25.
The new building will be three-storey, with a total floor area of 18,800 square meters.
Adriana Arce, "Rubio to serve time in prison," Laredo Morning Times, March 13, 2003 Rubio Sr. was released on November 24, 2006 after three and a half years in prison.
The project is LEED certified and uses a lot of glass to create three modern towers rising from a four-story concrete base.
A wealthy but frustrated car executive is mistaken for an unemployed man by a young woman.
Hamnett is Director of Percussion Studies and Big Band Musical Director at Canterbury Christ Church University, Kent, England.
The defensive chain across the river was at its lowest point almost nine feet (about three meters) under water between its supports, so light ships could still pass it.
He incorporated the Ulaid sub-kingdom of Conaille Muirtheimne and the Midhe sub-kingdom of Fir Arda Ciannachta into his kingdom during a period of instability that saw provincial armies repeatedly cross the area, multiple divisions of the
The House of Bourbon du Maine was an illegitimate branch of the direct House of Bourbon, and thus part of the Capetian dynasty.
In 1981 he founded Cantiere Navale dell'Adriatico, located in the Marches maritime cluster, Italy.
It is bordered in the north by Aldansky Ulus, in the east by Tattinsky and Tomponsky Ulus, in the south by Ust-Maysky and Amginsky Ulus, and in the west by Megino-Kangalassy Ulus.
He teaches systematic review of health research literature to postgraduate students and aspects of mental health nursing to undergraduates at King's College London.
On that day, the company ceased to exist as a legal entity within Groupe Air France.
He was born in Cadiz in 1728 and died in Rota, Cadiz, in 1806.
The station was affected by a flood in 2006 and was out of service for a few months.
Nicole Katherine Ohlde (born March 13, 1982 in Clay Center, Kansas) is an American professional basketball player.
Dollis Hill House was a 19th century farmhouse in the north London suburb of Dollis Hill, on the northern boundary of Gladstone Park.
Another example would be when a client initially requests 8 bytes, memory is allocated in 8 byte blocks, but the program only needs 6 bytes, the remaining 2 bytes remain unused. The waste of extra space resulting from improper memory allocation is called internal fragmentation.
Peter never fell into a particular school, but exhibited with artists associated with the Brotherhood of the Ruralists, as many of the group were represented by Godfrey Pilkington's Piccadilly Gallery in the 1970s and 1980s.
Ralph Lester Shaw (born 1926 in Cold Lake, Alberta) is a Canadian retired school principal, active fisherman and conservationist.
He is best known for his excavations at Cahokia, the major center of ancient Mississippian culture in the American Bottom area of Illinois near St. Louis, Missouri.
Like its predecessor, the Dornier Do 17, it inherited the nickname "Flying Pencil" because of its slim fuselage.
Creative Partnerships was the government's flagship creative learning programme, launched in 2002 to develop young people's creativity across England.
In Commonwealth armies, "company" or "squadron" is a designation that depends on the corps; by tradition, some corps call their companies squadrons (and the Royal (Australian) Artillery calls them batteries).
The per capita income has increased by 20 times, fueled by the export boom of automobiles, heavy machinery, high-tech products and electronics, and heavy weapons.
For most of them, since their beginnings in radio and until the 1980s, their shows were recorded in the mythical "Studio 17" of the Buttes-Chaumont studios in Paris.
In addition to his ongoing pro bono "legal work and efforts to support Los Angeles cultural institutions," Albert also supports efforts to help homeless, sick and poor individuals and families through his church's relief organizations.
James Hall constantly lies to his wife, played by Irene Delroy, to hide his escapades.
The Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is an anarchist Greek urban guerilla group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
The median household income in the city was $21,563, and the median family income was $33,750.
The ground floor, which served as a shop, also underwent many changes in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Most of the people work in nearby towns and cities such as Pondicherry, Tiruvannam, Chennai and even Bangalore.
It refers to a cooling rack used by royal bakers, where sweets were laid out for "choice".
Wugu Township ( ⁇ ; POJ: Ngó  ⁇ -kó  ⁇ ) is a rural township in the western part of Taipei County in northern Taiwan (ROC).
One population, "A. fulvigula maculosa" (Mottled Duck), lives on the Gulf of Mexico coast between Alabama and Tamaulipas (Mexico); outside the breeding season, individual birds may travel as far south as Veracruz.
The Canton of La Trinité is a former canton in the Arrondissement of La Trinité on Martinique.
The student life on campus is relatively poor, with the highlight being a gym offering free weights, resistance weights and cardiovascular equipment, in addition to a limited service of dance classes including capoeira (a Brazilian martial art) and physiotherapy.
The asylum seekers, now accompanied by police, moved along the main highway to the capital.
The Gambia Cricket Association is the official governing body of cricket in Gambia and runs the Gambia national cricket team.
Renella played Johnny Ross in "Bullitt" (1968) with Steve McQueen, Robert Vaughn and Jacqueline Bisset.
He painted portraits of members of the British Royal Family, including Elizabeth II, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Queen Mother and Earl Mountbatten of Burma, in a studio in St James's Palace.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Pearse was in great demand as a studio musician and record producer for several companies.
When he suddenly becomes the trustee of his sister's estate and guardian of his niece, he is forced to act outside his usual esoteric interests on behalf of the estate and especially his niece.
He was a faculty member of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, India's premier management school, and is currently a visiting faculty member there.
The restaurant is named after Claire Falkenstein, an American sculptor who created the restaurant's centerpiece, "Structure and Flow," a fountain with a twisting latticework, which was donated to the museum in 1972.
Jeff Andrews (bass) joined the band in the early 1990s, recording "Easier Said Than Done" (1992) and "Ray of Hope" (1996).
However, the mission to the Emperor was unsuccessful because he spoke to no one except the most prominent members of Japanese society, and the Jesuits turned their attention to the individual conversion of the "daimyos" or Japanese warlords.
Jes ⁇ s Mar ⁇ a Ramón Valdés (15 March 1938 - 7 January 2016) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI.
The men's welterweight (69 kg) event at the 1814 Asian Games was held from September 18 to October 3 at the Seonhak Gymnasium in Incheon, South Korea.
At the time, the great divide in Seattle politics was between the "open city" and "closed city" factions.
However, we have no idea how much more the architects knew about the mathematics involved.
To understand the degree of similarity of a particular gene between species, DNA preparations from a set of species are isolated and spread on a surface.
He and Ruffey were defeated in the Battle of the Ardennes, but managed to withdraw and form a defensive line to stop the German counterattack.
Thanos testifies that Starfox inspired Thanos' obsession with death when they were children, when he tried to make the young Thanos accept the death of an animal he had killed involuntarily with his super strength.
Another rumor suggested that the tsar might abdicate at his wife's urging and go to live with her and their children in France.
There is also a verse on disguises, referring to Paddington Pollaky, who is later mentioned in "Patience".
This was the Buffaloes' last season in the Big 12, as they moved to the Pac-12 in 2011-12.
Guan Yu's adopted son, Guan Ping, joins Liu Bei's forces before facing Cao Cao's warlord Xun Yu at the Battle of Ru Nan.
He graduated in 1953 and was drafted in the third round of the NBA draft by the Philadelphia Warriors.
His son, Vice Mayor Ramon V. Guico III, presides over the Sangguniang Bayan (8 members, councilors, etc.) session hall located at the Legislative Building.
In the same year, he became Minister of Justice in Prime Minister Hussein Al-Owaini's government.
He held dual nationality but completed his compulsory French national service in the 1930s and then returned to Britain to work in advertising in London and Paris.
Line 21, formerly known as "Lingang Line", is a line under construction in the Shanghai Metro network, which was formerly the southern part of Line 11.
Those exported to Europe and North America for the pet trade usually suffer and die soon if they are not given special indoor care.
Less scrupulous shippers also committed widespread wine fraud by importing grapes from regions outside the Douro to blend, as well as adding non-grape wine ingredients such as elderberry juice for coloring and dried pimentos to add spicy flavors.
Last year, it was estimated that this village alone made a business of 90 lakhs from peanuts. So traders are looking forward to doing business with the people of this village and this will surely help the growth and development of this village.
Hyoseong of Silla (737-742, died 742) This is given in some sources as 741, probably due to discrepancies between the lunar and solar calendars.
Los Angeles was also mentioned as the setting for the Blade Runner movie in an early script.
Chileshe Chibwe (born May 13, 1985) is a Zambian footballer who currently plays for RoPS. He previously played for Nkana F.C. in his home country before moving to Finland.
Khalil Balakrishna is a sitar and tanpura player who worked with Miles Davis between 1969 and 1974.
Lübeck's location on the inner German border, which cut the city off from much of its hinterland, was a key factor in this development.
In 1939, Hitler unofficially nicknamed the vehicle "Schwarz Vogel" (Black Bird) and ordered it to be painted in German national colors, complete with the German Adler (Eagle) and Hakenkreuz (Swastika/Bent Cross).
In addition to the main festival, the Encounters Outdoor Solar Cinema Tour travels to several parks in Bristol and South Gloucestershire during the month of September and shows a free programme of family-friendly short films and animations under the stars!
During the reign of Charles I, Bruce maintained close relations with the court.
He has worked on over 200 commercials (35mm/16mm/70mm).
He started his career at Arugo F.C. and later played for Dolphins F.C. and Julius Berger FC.
The Brewers Page 8 Truman grew under his stewardship, leading to the purchase of more land around the original site and Truman becoming a full-fledged brewery.
However, life imitated art, as The Miracles "were" honored with a star in Hollywood on March 20, 2009.
The locals, inspired by the words of the father, attacked the occupants and drove them out of the gates.
The ministry was created in 1937 and dissolved in 1945, but was reinstated in 1947 by then Prime Minister Louis Beel.
He competed in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in five individual and team sprint events, with the best results of seventh place in the 4 x 100 m relay (1964 and 1968) and the 4 x 400 m relay (1968).
The project is LEED certified and uses a lot of glass to create three modern towers rising from a four-story concrete base.
The "sitio" was known as a favorite fishing ground in the 1960s, earning the name "Punong" (local term for fishpond).
This can be seen in things like brave magic priests or proto-magic priests fighting in the Crusades against evil sorcerer Imams.
The CIA also provided the list of "communists" that the Ba'ath used to round up potential enemies and torture and kill about 5,000 people in the days immediately following the coup.
The Sikorsky S-2 was the second fixed-wing aircraft designed by Igor Sikorsky using the main wing section of the S-1 and a three-cylinder Anzani engine in tractor configuration.
It was a "municipium" and from an inscription we know that a triumphal arch was erected in honor of Augustus and his family, but we know little of it except that in the 4th century AD there was a bow factory there.
A series of performances in other Italian opera houses followed, mostly in lyric roles.
Important output features of the tunable lasers used in this application are diffraction-limited beam divergence and narrow linewidth emission.
The pose and the very striking color scheme combine to produce an extraordinary effect whose deceptive appearance depends on the division of the whole form into two strongly contrasted areas of brown and white.
In September 2009, the City of San Antonio transferred 2962 acres of land to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department for inclusion in the Government Canyon State Natural Area, bringing the total acreage in the reserve to 11,576.
Charles Black, who had earned a master's degree in Old and Middle English literature at Yale and wrote a thesis on Percy Bysshe Shelley as a poet, became a law professor at Yale.
After the Yeponfawa, young boys and girls participate in a one-week music and dance festival through their dance groups known as Egbendum (for boys) and Oka (for girls).
The main platform of the party is the demand for independence of Guiana, currently an overseas region and one of France's 26 regions.
In the quarterfinals, Navy defeated the reigning national champion, University of North Carolina, to earn its first appearance in the final four.
All tracks by Peter Wolf, Taylor Rhodes and Robert White Johnson, unless otherwise noted.
St. Peterszell is a municipality in the Toggenburg canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
Persson is known from "Scandinavia's Next Top Model", where she encourages Swedish girls to fulfill their modeling ambitions.
West Shrine Game and was timed as one of the fastest cornerbacks at the NFL Scouting Combine.
Gao Lian is furious and has Chai arrested and thrown into prison, ignoring Chai's "inviolable" status.
The Boricua Metal Festival was a heavy metal festival held annually in Cayey, Puerto Rico since 2004.
Kita Shinkawa Station was opened on February 5, 1914 as a station of the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company.
She was a physiotherapist and occupational therapist and proposed a well-known system of therapeutic exercises to treat neuromuscular dysfunction called the Rood approach.
She tells Lisa that she will soon be free to fulfill her own destiny.
Levick broke his collarbone while playing against Newcastle United on New Year's Day 1908.
At the end of the video, he is placed in an open grave and watched by many people, including two policemen.
Lieutenant-General Sir William Pulteney Pulteney GCVO, KCB, KCMG, DSO (1861-14 November 1941) was a British general during World War I.
Bannon's Deathwish Inc (under exclusive license from Equal Vision Records) offers the album on vinyl.
The reports are usually prepared by a rapporteur appointed by the chairman of the committee from among the members or permanent substitutes.
Both sisters are enamored of him, leading to a rivalry of almost possessive guardianship.
The five faces of Panchamukha Hanuman are those of Hayagriva, Narasimha, Garuda, Varaha and Hanuman himself.
After studying in Berlin, he received his PhD under Justus Liebig at the University of Gießen.
The condition is not dependent on whether a person lives in a rural area.
On January 26, 1926, Bimba traveled to Brockton, Massachusetts, to address the Lithuanian-American community at the Lithuanian National Hall.
There are no commercial kits for identifying "B. trematum", making it difficult to identify the species.
He was not given a school report at his previous school because he had unpaid school fees of $ 600 for the past two years.
Frederick Reines received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 in both their names.
These emblems are enclosed in a circle formed by a half-wheel representing industrial workers and a half-vine of coffee and cotton leaves representing the coffee and cotton industries.
In the second half of the 19th century, the Rococo revival was the fashion in American furniture and interiors.
Herron moved to the NFL in 1973 when he joined the New England Patriots.
These appear in the summer after the leafy stems have grown for a while.
His daughter, Vice Mayor Ramon V. Guico III, presides over the Sangguniang Bayan (8 members, councilors, etc.) session hall located at the Legislative Building.
In 2010, the team's owner withdrew financial support and Urziceni had to sell most of its players to pay debts, relegating at the end of the 2010-11 season.
Siler, with his back to the mat, immediately threw a kick as Rony approached him.
This island is opposite Baile-Na-Cille cemetery and has a permanent size of just under an acre (about 4,000 m2).
Their son, Lieutenant-General Philip Goldsworthy MP, became a favorite equerry to King George III and from 1772 his unmarried sister, Martha Caroline, was sub-governess, under Lady Charlotte Finch, of the 15 royal children.
These concessions, which effectively made Liberia a US protectorate, were opposed both inside and outside the country.
Based on the two-party preferred margins of 18.0 and 12.8 percent in the 2010 election, which are considered safe margins in the current pendulum, Labor would have retained both seats on the two-party vote based on the unchanged statewide Newspoll since the previous election.
The parliament was convened annually by Ban, as King's representative (commissioner), in Zagreb.
David Gilkey (ca. 1965-June 5, 2015) was an American photojournalist for National Public Radio, known for covering disasters, illness and war.
She was beaten only by Kate Milligan Edger, also a New Zealander, who graduated on 11 July 1877.
She is known for being one of the wildest children in the drama department, wearing strange clothes like bows, sparkles and purple stiletto heels, and dying her hair different colors, although her hair is originally a mousy brown.
What little revenue Avaria saw had to be rolled back into the company to pay subcontractors and operating costs such as hosting fees and the like.
The post was almost deserted, as the only ones there were 2nd Lieutenant Thomas P. Gere, Post Sutler Ben H. Randall, Ordnance Sergeant J. Jones, 2 sergeants, 3 corporals and about 32 privates.
Therefore, access and recreational activities may be restricted if the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department (TPWD) deems such actions necessary to protect the environment.
Selvin De Leon (born July 19, 1980) is a Belizean football midfielder who plays for Deportivo Petapa of Guatemala's top division.
It is one of the four movies Hanna-Barbera has ever made that does not feature their trademark characters (along with "Charlotte's Web", "C.H.O.M.P.S." and "Once Upon a Forest").
In motorsport, competition numbers are attached to the vehicles taking part, also for identification.
James Alan Kavanagh (born July 17, 1989) is an Irish social media figure and entrepreneur.
The film was in the main competition of the TORUN Film Festival in Poland, was officially selected in the Jakarta Film Festival and received three nominations for Best Script, Best Cinematography and Best Male Lead Actor (Alvin Neo) at the 2006 Asian First Film Festival.
The wall was built during the rule of Prince-Bishop Friedrich IV, Count of  ⁇ ttingen (1383-1415).
On the 8th she was commissioned for service with the British 14th Destroyer Flotilla in the Mediterranean and on the 16th she sailed from Plymouth for Gibraltar with her sister destroyer "Kandahar".
The album contains notable tracks such as the first song ever recorded by Brides Of Funkenstein, "Love Is Something", featuring P-Funk lead guitarist Eddie Hazel, as well as radio spots for Bootsy Collins' "Ultra Wave" album.
Dick King made the famous horse journey in fourteen days, ten days faster than the normal journey, and reinforcements were immediately sent.
According to South African history, in the mid-1820s King Shaka (South African history timeline) swept through the area now known as KwaZulu-Natal, almost killing the entire native bushmen population.
He helped Yale to a 7-2-1 record in 1911 and a 7-1-1 record in 1912 and was a consensus All-American in both years.
Monsignor Nestor S. Astillo and Father Pepito Generan Jr. are the new parish priest and parish vicar of the Immaculate Conception of Mary Parish in Sogod, respectively.
Stuyvesant Plaza is a high-end shopping mall and office complex in New York's capital district.
He worked closely with the brilliant conductor Arturo Toscanini at La Scala in the late 1890s and early 1900s and eventually sang all the major tenor parts of the Wagnerian repertoire.
He succeeded his father as 6th Baron Profumo, but like his father, he does not use the title.
The following year, Amiga Inc. also announced a new AmigaOS 4 compatible system that would be available soon.
In May 2013, the site was included in the National Park Service's "National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom," a series of sites deemed significant to African-American heritage and the Underground Railroad.
The editors-in-chief were Frank Berry (Open University) and Eric G. Hope (University of Leicester).
In the early 1980s, the remaining warriors were disarmed and transferred to the training role with 100th TW.
Syriza itself was formed in 2004 ahead of the legislative elections of that year as a coalition of 13 left-wing political parties in Greece.
If regulators could increase incentives to ensure operators offer such services, the market, not government mandates, could lead to universal broadband service.
Crusher locks him up in the sickbay, but he manages to escape and enters Wesley Crusher's lab, where he is working on a portable tractor beam device.
Wang has published more than 15 books and more than 100 scientific articles.
Ciudad Deportiva is built on an area of over 1 million square feet.
He is now married to designer Vuyo Dyasi, with whom he has two children: a son, Luvuyo and a daughter, Ayanda.
In September 1862, he was selected for promotion to major general, but this promotion was never confirmed.
Adda Daouéni is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros.
To demonstrate the capabilities of the Army Air Corps, Major Chilstrom and fellow pilot Captain Robert Baird made the first air mail flight by jet aircraft on June 22, 1946.
Unfortunately, the financial panic of 1893 and the outbreak of typhoid fever led to the demise of the Adirondack resort.
The Stamford, CT store is the largest to date, at over 80,000 square feet.
Ornithogalum saundersiae (syn. "Galtonia saundersiae") or giant chincherinchee is a species of "Ornithogalum" (star of Bethlehem) in the As
As such, the frequency of large-scale oscillations does not need to match the firing rate of individual neurons, but can also be modulated at a common lower frequency.
When Knapp returned two days later, he reported to the Gestapo that all Jewish workers had fled during his absence.
While investigating the murders, he must deal with his own personal demons.
At the suggestion of Emery Walker, who worked with Morris on the Kelmscott Press, Elizabeth studied printing at the Women's Printing Society in London.
Despite the ban, he toured Dresden, Vienna and Budapest in variety shows, restaurants and amusement parks.
Beside it is a picture of a sugar cane, the main ingredient of Binalonan's top products - "basi", "suka" and "muskado" (brown sugar).
Delaware-North Cos., based in Buffalo, has operated all the concessions for the past 20 years.
On February 1, 1963, during the Khrushchev administrative reform, the Karamyshevsky District was abolished and its territory was eventually divided between the Pskovsky and Porkhovsky Districts.
They were sold in 1985, but the next owners, Andrew and Dodo Norton, kept the garden and nursery going and continued to develop Margery Fish's legacy before handing it over to the Williams family in 1999.
The road over the pass is unpaved and traffic uses the Fréjus tunnel.
David Fryer was sent to spy on the group and reported to his brothers that the teenagers had marijuana.
A by-election will be held for the Ramsay seat in the South Australian House of Assembly on February 11, 2012.
Dalla Chiesa was also investigating the death of journalist Mauro de Mauro, who himself was investigating the murder of Enrico Mattei, head of Italian oil company Agip.
With this newfound success came a more resounding objection from England.
More recently, loss-of-function and rescue phenotype studies have shown that RANKL is a NF- ⁇ B ligand and plays a role in M cell differentiation.
In 1951, the year-to-year lease agreement was replaced by what was later known as the Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement, one of whose components was the deployment of US military personnel to the Kingdom to provide military training to Saudi Arabia.
Meena Harris (born 1984) is an American lawyer, tech policy expert, political activist and entrepreneur.
The couple had one son, Napoleon (1802-1847). Although popular, having had a great career and after his death considered a war hero, von Döbeln lived his last years forgotten and impoverished.
Kelsang Khyenrab is the former General Spiritual Director of the New Kadampa Tradition (NKT), a Western organization based on the traditional Tibetan Gelug school.
Shaky Ground is a TV sitcom created by Bob Keyes, Chip Keyes and Doug Keyes, starring Matt Frewer as Bob Moody, a hapless but supportive and caring father.
After Nagano was awarded the 1998 Winter Olympics in 1991, the tracks were dismantled.
It was consecrated on August 31, 1908 and demolished in 1954 by the local communist authorities after they bought the building from the decimated Jewish community.
In August 2014, ISIS and its allies launched a full-scale invasion and fought with Lebanese troops for five days before being forced back into Syria.
In September 2007, a Dornier Do 215 B was found largely intact in shallow waters of the Wadden Sea, Netherlands.
In 2015, the UK announced a universal service commitment of 10 Mbit/s by 2020 for every home in Britain.
The street-fighting militants had neither the power nor the experience to stand a chance against the disciplined and well-armed Moroccan army.
As a child, Daisy Baker lived in the southern states, where she was mainly raised by her godfather, the writer Joel Chandler Harris.
Pranav Singh is an Indian film director and producer who made his debut with Bollywood political drama film "Shorgul".
In Sogod, Imelda Uy-Tan (LP), current barangay chairperson of Barangay San Roque and wife of former mayor Sheffie Lino Siengco Tan, defeated her rival opponent Isidro Estrella.
Piero painted the outer panels of the tympanum later, including the Crucifixion in the center, St Benedict, the Angel, the "Madonna of the Annunciation" and St Francis on the sides.
Additional plants and repair centers are located in Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio, and Evansville, Indiana.
He married his Hungarian fiancee in Argentina, with whom he had a son and three grandchildren.
The land was donated to Manchester City Council by Sir Edward Tootal Broadhurst, a local cotton manufacturer, as a gesture of gratitude to the people of Manchester for their efforts in the First World War.
This list does not include actors who play the same character at significantly different ages (as in flashbacks), but it includes actors who play the same character continuously as the character ages.
He and his wife Emanuela Chiesa were driving through the city at night in a Lancia A112 when a number of gunmen on motorcycles and a car forced the car off the road, where it crashed into a stationary vehicle.
This system allowed countries to progress and for a wider range of athletes to compete against opposition they might not normally face.
He studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Queen's College, Oxford.
They are known to have been used since about 1200 and their arrangement was greatly improved with the Darb-i Imam shrine in Isfahan, Iran, built in 1453.
In 2007, Pukekura won the "Mayfair Place" spot in a nationwide competition for places on the New Zealand edition of Hasbro's Monopoly.
The couple was also first cousins of Charles IV of Spain and Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, Maria Carolina through her Spanish mother and Anthony through his father.
And you find a blood-stained shirt and a gun locked in a cabinet?
Tkautz said that when she recorded the song, she was a virgin who did not understand the true meaning of the song's racy lyrics and did not understand why she was criticized by the media for presenting an overtly sexual image.
To further reduce costs, the episodes will be shot at the network's Television City studios, with fewer camera movements and no outdoor shots.
In 1998, Pauketat began as an associate professor at the University of Illinois, where he became a full professor in 2005.
The Gibson L-5 guitar was first produced in 1922 by Gibson Guitar Corporation of Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA, under the direction of master luthier Lloyd Loar, and has been in production ever since.
His images, in the form of large, carefully executed black-and-white prints that often measure up to 4 feet in height, have been exhibited in Europe, the US and Africa.
Burks began his career as a special effects technician in the late 1930s before becoming a director of photography in the mid-1940s.
Some of Gem's early employees were transferred to Gemco's Long Beach location.
The founder of the Jimmy Curley Gang, his gang was responsible for many robberies in Manhattan at the turn of the 19th to 20th century.
He named a street "Brooks Street" in Point Lonsdale, Geelong Victoria, when he subdivided land belonging to his father, Herbert Brookes, into a housing estate.
Clifton Hall Colliery was one of two coal mines in Clifton (the other was Wet Earth Colliery) on the Manchester Coalfield, historically in Lancashire, which was incorporated into the city of Salford in Greater Manchester, England in 1974.
Bancao and the village leaders wanted the missionaries to stay and live with them, but because of their missionary work, the priests refused their offer and went to Cabalian.
This is a list of national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and botanical gardens in Burma.
Leboku is the annual New Yam Festival of the Yakurr people, which includes the Ugep, Idomi, Ekori, Mkpani, Nko, Nyima, Agoi and Asiga communities.
He is thrown back into the past, to a time before the war, when he was a child.
He was given the lands around Yingchuan ( ⁇ , in modern Henan) as his fief and built his capital at Yangzhai ( ⁇ , modern Yuzhou, Henan).
Grandhi Venkata Reddy Naidu was educated at the famous Madras University and received a B.A., L.L.B. degree.
The NIAAA says that adults over 21 buy legal alcohol for minors.
Geraldine Ecleo Villaroman is the governor of the newly created Philippine province of Dinagat Islands.
Born in Gothenburg on February 16, 1856, Augusta  ⁇ hrström was musically talented from an early age, playing the piano and violin and performing at the age of 11.
There is a perennial debate on Wikipedia about the notability of, with no clear consensus, in practice all named geographical features (mountains, rivers, hills) are notable enough for an article.
Part of the National Institute of Oceanology was based at the field station.
He studied painting in Augsburg and Munich and distinguished himself as a landscape painter and engraver.
Hamm was named a Woman of Distinction (Public Affairs) in 2015 and is a Paul Harris Fellow.
Peter Gadiot made his American network debut as Cyrus, the handsome and mysterious genie, in ABC's "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland".
An important case study in "rational drug design" is imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor designed specifically for the "bcr-abl" fusion protein characteristic of Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukemias (chronic lymphocytic leukemias).
Both double-handed and single-handed F16s race to be the first to cross the line.
Neuronal recycling is the idea that new cultural cognitive processes invade cortical areas originally devoted to different but similar functions.
Nigel Faletoese Vagana (born 7 February 1975) is a former New Zealand rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s.
Jason was selected as the first overall pick by Wanderlei Silva to be part of Team Wanderlei.
The other member of the genus, the dobie pod, "T. gracile", is a common mustard-like plant in California and Baja California.
As a way out of the pulp mill, Bimba helped to establish a new cooperative bakery to make rye bread, an important staple food for the immigrant community, and became a delivery truck driver in the process.
The power station was equipped with two turbo-alternators each, supplied by C. A. Parsons and Company of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England.
Aladdin's mother laughs and tells him that a poor boy like him could never marry a princess.
These cells are known to initiate mucosal immunity responses on the M cell apical membrane and allow transport of microbes and particles across the epithelial barrier from the gut lumen to immune cells.
One of the early bands he was active in was King Kobra, from 1983 to 1986, where Jonn spent these years as a cross-dressing transvestite vampire in the red light district of Amsterdam.
The British immediately recognized the affinity between the Somali people and their camels.
Susie Sorabji had chronic health problems, including vision problems, which were treated with surgery, medication and long periods of bandaging and rest.
The day before the battle, Scipio was camped in the "castra" of Piacenza, where the colonists had planned to build.
John Bennett was missing and presumed dead on March 15, 2004 in a commercial diving incident in Korea.
These resins were used in brakes after it was found that their friction coefficient was less sensitive to temperature changes than phenol-formaldehyde resins.
Bootable floppies are generally used to run system tests, install hardware, and assist in installing large operating systems.
Peig Minihane, daughter of Seana-Tadhg Minihane and Nora Rahilly, was born in Kilcatherine, County Cork, in 1861.
The National Guard will take over many of the existing duties of the special police forces, thus eliminating the link between their use and President Putin and his Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev.
Maurits "Maup" Caransa (5 January 1916 - 6 August 2009) was a Dutch businessman who became one of the most important real estate developers in post-war Amsterdam.
In 1793 she published in Bristol a 50-line poem and a plea for any help that might exist for her headaches.
Ridgen's latest documentary, (American Radical: The Trials of Norman Finkelstein), co-directed and co-produced with Nic Rossier, is about the life of controversial political scientist Norman Finkelstein.
From "Strangers on a Train" (1951), which earned him an Oscar nomination, to "Marnie" (1964), he directed all Hitchcock films except "Psycho" in 1960.
His works include "Birds of Java Island" (2 volumes, 1933-36) and "Parrots of the World in Life Colors" (1975).
Wilson was responsible for introducing the Divorce Reform Act of 1969, which changed the basis of divorce proceedings from the old concept of marital offenses to the irretrievable breakdown of marriage.
The different layers of neural networks, which mimic the human brain, were able to link the corresponding parts and then manipulate the audio waveform until it was converted into English text.
The red-toothed triggerfish is a dark, deep blue fish up to 50 cm long.
One of its most enthusiastic and influential proponents was Portland businessman Bill Naito. Alesko, Michael (December 13, 1979).
It currently provides hosting services to 180,978 websites, with the most popular verticals being shopping, social, religion, education, news, entertainment and software.
While he was president of Wind Dancer, the production house produced the award-winning sitcom Home Improvement and the romantic comedy film What Women Want.
In the 1890s, the company had 90 volunteers, two hand-drawn hose carts, two hose wagons and one hook and ladder wagon, which was pulled by a rented team of horses when needed.
After briefly following US 15-501 to the north, the road turned east until it reached US 1 in downtown Southern Pines.
Munjed is a supervisor of overseas trained orthopaedic surgeons (Fellows) in hip and knee pathology and also a supervisor of local Australian orthopaedic trainees.
Finally, in 1705, the princess was banished from court and Anna Constantia took her place as official mistress.
In 2000-01 he moved abroad, joining Reggina Calcio in Serie A and scoring once in a campaign that ended in relegation, although he stayed with the club and helped it return to the top division the following year.
Yan Pengzu ( ⁇ ) and Yan Anle ( ⁇ ) became the leaders of Gongyang School after Dong's death.
Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt lost custody of her daughter to her influential sister-in-law Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney (1875-1942).
After leaving TVam, James became Lord Young's special advisor at the Cabinet Office and later at the Departments of Employment and Trade and Investment.
The company is best known for creating the Headhunter series of action adventure games.
Marduk-bal ⁇ ssu-iqbi, inscribed md "Marduk-bál ⁇ -su-iqbi" (md SID-TI-"zu"-DUG 4), "Synchronistic King List"
Hoffman was born in New York City, New York, United States, the son of Johanna (Papiermeister), a jeweler, and Morton Hoffman, a caterer.
Musically, the album is a dark R&B record with influences of soul, synthpop, pop, baroque pop, alternative R&B and new wave.
The entries are self-nominated with about 11,000 submissions per year and the awards are judged by past award winners.
After 2 seasons in Spain he went to Standard Liege in Belgium but played only 3 games so he came back to Romania to Rapid Bucharest for a year.
The MKG was subsequently absorbed into the Lebanese forces in 1977 and ceased to exist as an independent organization.
After Bonds struck out, Dodgers' Mike Piazza hit a two-out single to score Gwynn and increase the margin to 4-1.
The melting waters that formed Glacial Lake Chicago had more space to live.
The dominant economy was sugar cane farming, and later sweet potato farming, without which many more Okinawans would have died in the 1945 battle.
In 1951, Al Baker wrote a book called "Pet Secrets" and had the American mystery writer Clayton Rawson draw all the illustrations.
Dorel Stoica (born 5 April 1978) is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for Al-Ettifaq.
At the end, the same ritual was observed, although the host could pay his guest a compliment by taking him further than his rank strictly required.
In 1949, Andersen Air Force Base, Guam's only remaining air base, published its own weekly paper called "Tropic Topics".
Sergio Alejandro Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973) is an Argentine-Colombian former footballer.
The climate in this area is mild, with mild highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall all year round.
When the ultimatum was ignored, British Admiral Seymour ordered the British fleet to bombard the Egyptian gun emplacements at Alexandria.
In these towers, the artillery was placed on two or three floors, and the open backs of the towers provided ventilation from the fumes of burning gunpowder.
The station is north of a short line serving the Pianodardine industrial park.
Marcinkus and 49 other prisoners were executed by firing squad in 1944.
The Battle of Walcourt was fought on August 25, 1689, during the Nine Years' War.
A damane is a character class from Robert Jordan's best-selling "Wheel of Time" book series.
Edward Thomas Fairchild (June 17, 1872 - October 29, 1965) was an American jurist and legislator from Wisconsin.
Manning's areas of interest include environmental and electoral politics, voting behavior, political sociology, political parties and Australia's political economy.
Tranm ⁇ l eventually led the Norwegian Labor Party out of the Comintern after a conflict with its chairman Zinoviev in 1923.
The second site, Siga, is an uninhabited piece of disputed land on the right bank of the Danube between Croatia and Serbia, which neither of them wants.
In his younger years, he experimented with Gimp, an open-source version of Adobe Photoshop.
Bellamy encouraged his son to learn piano by showing him Ray Charles' work.
A teenager plays video games indoors behind blinded windows when his mother arrives with a box.
During the dispute, there seemed to be no overall winner, to the detriment of the remaining Amiga community and interested parties.
The age of Mount St. John is currently unknown, but it is older than 28,500 years as the scoria cone is covered with ash from the Three Kings volcano.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Corning acquired many of the best drug development companies, some of which date back to the 1940s.
The transom was returned to England on board the Royal Netherlands Navy patrol ship Holland, accompanied by Dutch Crown Prince Willem-Alexander, where it will be displayed at the National Maritime Museum.
Webber is taken to Mercy West Hospital, where he is treated by former colleague Dr. Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez).
In Hawaii, the spicy-smelling fresh rhizomes were pounded and used as medicine for indigestion and other ailments.
It was agreed that the event be held every August in honor of "San Roque de Montpellier", the patron saint of pilgrims.
"Why Do You Love Me" is a song by Garbage from 2005 and was the lead single from their fourth album "Bleed Like Me".
Some people suggested that the government should relocate the new secondary school, government offices and the Supreme Court (now High Court).
It is home to two universities: the University of Exeter, Cornwall Campus (UEC) and University College Falmouth (UCF), as well as the famous Camborne School of Mines.
Another major development, with future catastrophic consequences, was the drive in the early 1960s to substantially increase cotton production in the republic.
The article "Drinking Across the Lifespan" reports that according to the "Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration" (2014), the rate of binge drinking was higher among college students aged 18-22 than their peers who do not attend college.
Representatives of his estate put Richardson's 40.4 percent (equal to 7,851 shares) stake in the Washington club up for sale.
"I often think of others who must walk the same dark valley as I do," one passage read.
Mack W. Herron (July 24, 1948 - December 6, 2015) was an American football running back who played in the National Football League from 1973 to 1976, notably for the New England Patriots.
After graduating from the Academy of Mechanization and Motorization (now part of the Academy of Combined Arms), he commanded an armored regiment.
Troy Hayden is the 6pm and 10pm news anchor for Fox 10 News in Phoenix.
Bolbolian graduated from the renowned Folkwang University of the Arts and came up with the idea of a modern Armenian ready-to-wear brand in early 2012.
In 1968, with a final game against Deportivo Cali played at the Eduardo Santos Stadium, Union Magdalena won its first and only Colombian Football League championship.
Cleaves' paternal grandfather, Lane C. Cleaves Sr., was the Presiding Bishop of Phillips Temple, CME.
The beachfront facing the sandbar curves westward toward San Patricio, Jalisco, 4.5 kilometers away.
Born Olga Knipper, she was the daughter of Konstantin Knipper, an imperial minister, and the niece and namesake of Olga Knipper (Anton Chekhov's wife), both Lutherans of German descent.
In the meantime, several "check-out" missions for Apollo were canceled, leaving a number of Saturn IBs unused.
As the supergiant star collapses, a fragment is blown into a collision course with the two Federation ships, and without the chips in place, they can not move out of its way.
Surprised by the ambush, some soldiers were killed, but they took cover and returned fire.
An example of this was the 2006 Lebanon conflict, where it played a key role in supplying the Royal Navy and providing air support with a flight of Merlin MK1 helicopters from 814 Squadron.
Nearby Wilmington had previously annexated Monkey Junction in 2010 and proposed annexing Ogden, both of which resulted in numerous lawsuits and appeals.
The MV "Do ⁇ a Paz" was a passenger and cargo ship owned and operated by Sulpicio Lines, Inc. plying the Manila-Tacloban-Catbalogan-Manila-Tacloban-Catbalogan-Manila-Catbalogan-Tacloban-Manila-Catbalogan-Manila-Catbalogan-Tacloban-Manila-Manila-Catbalogan-Taclo
At some point, the 5 am hour of WMDT's weekday morning show also began to be simulcast.
In this case, you can try to convert with the PDF2SVG command line tool.
These were the last words Jiang left to his mother, Ding Zilin, on the night of June 3, 1989.
He was the leading wicket-taker in Sydney grade cricket for three consecutive seasons: 1931-32 (62 wickets), 1932-33 (56) and 1933-34 (50).
He discovered the lush, wooded area on the eastern slope of the first range of the Watchung Mountains and set out to create a suburban community of country estates.
One of the Kaysanites was led by the Abbasids, who successfully revolted against the Umayyad Caliphate and then established the Abbasid Caliphate.
After that, it was used as the official residence of the Church President, then as the home economics wing of the Latter-day Saint University, then as a dormitory for young women.
Initially, the magazine appeared eleven times a year, with many issues devoted to specific themes.
The film was screened at many international film festivals, including the Toronto International Film Festival 2011 and the Maryland Film Festival 2012.
Charles Ingram was a major in the British Army; he and his wife Diana had £50,000 in debts.
The latest population figures are based on data from the 2011 Indian census.
The ferry was traveling from Tonga's capital, Nuku'alofa, to Ha'afeva when it sent a mayday call just before 2300 hours on August 5, 2009, followed by a distress signal.
The two-man expedition team would have a surface stay of nearly 200 days and use an advanced lunar rover and a lunar flier as well as logistics vehicles to build a larger shelter.
Tremough is a suburb of Falmouth in Cornwall, England, which is home to the Combined Universities in Cornwall (CUC) initiative and provides a campus for the University of Exeter in Cornwall and Falmouth College of Arts.
Stickney, Illinois, a Chicago suburb south of Berwyn and Cicero, is named in his honor.
She is a good cook, and he improves his butler skills by sneaking away at night to take lessons from his own butler.
Hood, a Republican, served as a district commissioner for the city of Orlando from 1982 to 1992, when she was elected mayor.
Sergio Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973 in Concepción, Tucumán, Argentina) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for Colombian club Atlético Nacional since 2006.
After 19 Grand Prix races, the car made its last competition appearance at the season finale - the 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix before retiring.
Another son, C.E. "Bo" Klotz (1931-), served as postmaster for 25 years.
When it was decided to have a statistics department in New South Wales, Coghlan was appointed government statistician and began his duties early in 1886.
On lap 64, the race suddenly changed, as Rossi suddenly stopped on the track, bringing the second caution period of the race with 21 laps remaining.
He was also an early host and patron of the Jesuits, who he hoped would help increase trade with the Portuguese and other European traders.
Man is not saved by faith alone, but by his actions and the value of his life as a whole.
Among the victims, it is estimated that between 3,000 and 4,000 were members of the Beta Israel community.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist mountain forests and subtropical or tropical moist shrublands.
The Science.ie portal provides all kinds of information about careers in science, technology, engineering and technology.
Sir Philip Cary (1579-1631) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1625.
The band uses a mellotron on "You Ain't Foolin' Me" and "24 Hours At A Time".
Animal rights activists obtained documents from Hazleton in Yorkshire in 1984, which provided information on LD50 tests the company had conducted on rabbits in 1980, which allegedly showed that paraquat was applied to intact and abraded skin of New Zealand white rabbits.
The couple is known to fans as "Alpha Couple" because many of their previous songs have titles beginning with "Alpha" (e.g. "Alpha Incipiens", "Alpha Desperate March").
It is one of the three parallel roads connecting Tandang Sora and Congressional Avenues (Visayas Avenue and Luzon Avenue were the others), hence it was named after the southernmost Philippine mainland, Mindanao.
It was founded as a special school in 1984 and became a junior college in 2009.
While Jimmy is waiting for the veterans' psychological test, he meets Richard Harrow, who sees him reading Temple Bailey's "The Tin Soldier".
All the buildings in the park were remodeled from their original purposes instead of being torn down and rebuilt.
A mixed martial arts tournament will be held in the Light Heavyweight weight class.
The word "jail" is used metaphorically to refer to something that conveys certain characteristics to the mind, while it is used literally to refer to a real token.
Jimmy Destri (born James Destri, April 13, 1954, Brooklyn, New York) plays keyboards in the rock band Blondie and is the band's main songwriter along with Chris Stein and Deborah Harry.
It was ranked in the Top 200 Music Retailers in the country by The Music Trades.
All were prominent members of New York's short-lived but influential No Wave music scene.
He was a founding member of the German LGBT organization "Bundesverband Homosexualität" and served as a board member for several years until the organization was dissolved in 1997.
The Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is a Greek terrorist group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
Urabi tried to retake the canal when he attacked British forces near Kassasin on September 10.
The building where Alter És Kiss was located still stands today, and is the oldest building on Váci utca.
"Courier Address 487 A/F/3 Leopards Hill Road Lusaka Zambia" It serves students aged 3-18.
The thwarted Gypsies cursed anyone who would lock the church door in the future, and after two people died suddenly after defying the curse, the rector threw the church key into the River Ebble, where it is said to still lie.
The old Reichsstraße ran from the far west of Germany through Aachen, Cologne to Berlin and then eastwards to end about 200 miles northeast of Königsberg in East Prussia.
The center is governed by a volunteer board and is run by a combination of paid staff and volunteers.
The parties also agreed to a clause allowing the Duke or his heirs to repurchase the land, but only if they bought it back for themselves and not for a third party.
His coaching experience included clinics in Yugoslavia and Italy from 1978 to 1990.
During this time, Stewart Baade was also brought back to the van from where he was wounded.
Part of his specialized practice in 1995 in Gothenburg (Sweden) at Branemark Implantology Clinic.
Walter Sweet in 1964 assigned "Palaeocycloceras" to the orthocerid superfamily Orthocerataceae and to the subfamily Orthocerinae, noting that it is probably synonymous with "Ctenoceras".
However, the vizier, who plans to marry his son to the princess, intervenes and tries to convince the Sultan that his daughter is worth more than a bag of jewels.
Ayr United and Third Lanark finished 19th and 20th respectively and were relegated to the Scottish Second Division in 1925-26.
Sir Jeremy Greenstock (born July 27, 1943) is a retired British diplomat from 1969 to 2004.
The friars formally acknowledged the king's supremacy on 14 May 1534 and the surrender deed was dated 3 October 1535. The property was then granted to John Gostwyke in 1539.
Brownback had previously announced his intention to nominate George as Commerce Secretary.
With its 1200 local staff (about 10 foreigners), the organization screens and treats annually 250 000 people with leprosy, tuberculosis and leishmaniasis.
Villaroman served as governor from July 1, 2007 to 2010, when she was defeated and succeeded by the second governor of the province, Glenda Ecleo, Villaroman's mother.
These coiled coil dimers, about 45 nm long, are linked by disulfide bonds using the many cysteine amino acids found in  ⁇ -keratins.
Walsh also said that the band has no plans to re-release the video in its entirety, considering it an embarrassment and considering fans lucky to have a copy.
After several successful flights, the S-2 was completely destroyed on June 30 when Sikorsky stalled the aircraft at 70 feet.
When CHCH was known as ONtv, Hamm hosted a morning news and business program called "The Morning Market".
Named after the Nangka (Jackfruit) tree, a species of tree in the Mulberry family, native to the Philippines, which is abundant in the barangay.
The Dodgers were 12-10 against the Braves overall for the season, although the Braves actually outscored them by one run (96 to 95) in those games.
Meanwhile, Detective Chimp and Nightshade bring back Black Alice, a girl who can steal the magical power of others for a short time, leaving her target powerless.
Cornelis de Witt, expecting a stiffening of the English resistance, decided on June 14 to abandon further penetration and withdraw, towing the "Royal Charles" as a war trophy; the "Unity" was also towed away with a prize crew.
They dominated the JSL in the early years, winning the title four times in a row, a feat later equaled by Yomiuri SC/Verdy Kawasaki.
A contemporary rumor also falsely claimed that Offa plotted with Charlemagne to depose Pope Hadrian I, and at least one modern historian, Simon Keynes, believes that J ⁇ nberht was behind the rumor.
If the firing pin is stuck forward, the round will fire every time the bolt closes.
Rather, it is HAAT (the height above the "surrounding" area) that is used to determine how far a broadcast station (or any other VHF or higher radio frequency) transmission will travel.
Generally considered a landmark post-punk album, it is considered by critics and fans alike as the band's strongest work.
Lieutenant-General Sir William Pulteney Pulteney KCMG, KCB, GCVO, DSO (1861-14 November 1941) was a British general during World War I.
Cox and his colleague, Dr. Hilary Koprowski, had each developed different polio vaccines, which they vigorously defended and debated against each other.
Ibrahima Kopteff Bangoura (born June 15, 1969 in Conakry) is a Guinean football striker who plays for the Turkish side Konyaspor since 2009.
Anthony was previously responsible for the visual design and build of EDP's "Gnat" version.
The St. Hilaire train disaster was a railway disaster that occurred on June 29, 1864 near the present-day town of Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec.
Holly, devastated by Robert's "death", continued to help Mac care for Robin for a while and later dated Bill Eckert, Luke's cousin, before leaving Port Charles in 1993.
With the massive increase in alcohol consumption and the introduction of opiates from the Far East and Asian countries, the social elite began to resent the presence of these "drunks" (as they called them) in public.
Belov and Yanenkov continue to perform GP songs in their band "Park Belova" (Belov Park).
Tehsil Pindi Bhattian is governed by Hafizabad district and consists of 17 union councils.
Manning also acknowledged Professor Barry Brook as an influence through his work on climate change.
The first tests with the Do 215 V1 began in 1938, but the prototype crashed.
This result was called by economists the Henry George Theorem, as it describes a situation where Henry George's "single tax" is not only efficient, but also the only tax necessary to finance public expenditures.
The coastal defenses returned fire soon after, with minimal effect and minimal casualties to the British fleet.
The name was originally "Emerald Geyser" by Philetus Norris, the park superintendent (1877-1882), because of its color, but was later officially changed to "Emerald Spring" by the US Geological Survey in 1930.
Benard collapsed in the Browns locker room in November 2010 during a press conference.
Dr. Gaitán was then the leading opponent of violence and had decided to pursue a strategy of electing a leftist government, rejecting the violent communist revolutionary approach typical of the Cold War era.
He managed all this while researching and taking pictures of the end of the apartheid regime in South Africa, the devastating earthquake in Haiti and the Ebola outbreak in Liberia.
However, most experts believe that the name of Khuzestan is derived from " ⁇ z ⁇ ", the name of the original non-Semitic and non-Indo-European people of the area, whose distinctive language reportedly survived until the Sassanid period.
In the 14th century, the city took possession of it and used it as a prison and small fortress.
The top eight regular season finishers of the 11 teams in the conference, regardless of division, met in a double elimination tournament held at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon, Ohio.
His college friend Séamus Hanna teamed up with him and Rhys became the director, producer and writer of the film, while Séamus was given the job of co-producer and editor.
In 2008, Mike and Ruthy released their first duo CD, "The Honeymoon Agenda", on their own record label, Humble Abode Music.
Bung Khla is a sub-district ("tambon") in Bung Khla District, Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.
Her first solo show was at The Minories, Colchester in 1968, followed by exhibitions at the New Art Centre, London and a retrospective at Warwick Arts Trust.
Under Craig (who along the way instilled the unique motto and rallying cry "Hum Baby"), the Giants won the National League Western Division title in 1987.
As with criterion 2, the mere fact that an astronomical object is hypothesized to exist or is included in a candidate list is not enough to confer notability.
The friendly match ended 2-0 for Yugoslavia and was played on August 24, 1988.
Unlike most ensembles devoted to pre-classical music, Ex Cathedra also performs works outside this repertoire, even commissioning contemporary works in an attempt to break down barriers between musical genres and performance styles.
Scott McCullough is an award-winning director, cinematographer and editor who has worked on over two hundred commercials, music videos and film productions.
Joseon white porcelain or Joseon baekja refers to the white porcelain produced during the Joseon Dynasty (1392-1910).
The 2015-16 Washington Wizards season is the franchise's 55th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 43rd in the Washington, D.C. area.
The racial composition of the township was 95.53% white, 0.56% African American, 2.79% Native American, 0.56% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% other races and 0.56% two or more races.
It was mentioned several times by Dante in the "Divine Comedy" and "The Rime" (a confirmation of his stay in Bologna).
The traditional German name of the town is "Olsnitz", which derives from the old Slovene name "Ol ⁇ nica".
How many of our articles on film actors are about those who acted in the 21st century but not the 20th?
Hung was ordered to do hard exercises as part of his punishment and was hospitalized on July 3 after he reportedly suffered a heatstroke and fell into a coma.
She scored the only goal in a 1-0 NCAA second round win at Colorado.
After Belus' death, his uncle Ninus became king and married his own mother, formerly called Rhea, but now renamed Semiramis.
The original plans were by Thomas Baldwin and completed by Charles Harcourt Masters, who included a maze or labyrinth, grotto, sham castle and an artificial rural scene with moving figures powered by a clockwork mechanism.
The first album, titled Escarcha, sold 20,000 copies on the first day and over 70,000 copies in the next 3 weeks after the album was released.
Bum Boosa (or Bum Boosa Bamboo Products) is a brand based in Mashpee, Massachusetts that sells baby wipes, toilet paper and diaper rash cream made from bamboo.
He is also the CEO of Doncaster RLFC, which he sold to Doncaster Rovers FC in 2013.
This, however, meant that it was not a true sampler, as you could not sample your own sounds into the unit.
The general history of the Costalegre area dates back to the mid-16th century when the Spanish used Bahia de Navidad for shipbuilding, repairs and as a jumping off point to the Philippines.
He is best known for his work on medical equipment in developing countries.
Robert John Shaw (June 29, 1933 - September 25, 2010) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Julie Gortynsky was from a noble family and educated at the Kiev Noble Girls' Institute.
The Stamford, CT store is the largest to date at over 80,000 square feet.
The ride is narrated by a guide who points out historic points of interest along the way.
The original Jamaica Inn, which inspired the novel, has stood there since 1547.
The Russian National Guard is directly subordinate to the Supreme Commander (the President) and its head is a permanent member of the Security Council.
He is one of the few surgeons in the world who has a special expertise in transfemoral and transhumeral amputations.
In 1953, however, the Southern Cameroons representatives, unhappy with the dominance of Nigerian politicians and the lack of unity among the ethnic groups in the Eastern Region, declared "benevolent neutrality" and withdrew from the assembly.
In 2001, the British ambassador in Vilnius presented the unclaimed war medals of Romualdas Marcinku to his family, and the RAF flew a Harrier jet.
He also coached the forensics team until the end of the fall semester in 1942 when he was called to Austin to fill a position.
ABS's debut album "Kinderspiel-Leichter getan than said" followed two more singles and collaborations with well-known German artists such as Plattenpapzt, Too Strong, RAG and Roey Marquis.
The School of Pharmacy is composed of three units: the Dean's Office, the Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences and the Department of Pharmacy and Therapeutics.
To replace this service, the underground IND line was extended east (railway south) from its previous terminus at Euclid Avenue via a connecting tunnel and ramp.
It is anchored by a six-block museum block on the west side of the Boulevard, including the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts and the Virginia Historical Society, hence the name.
The line, once served by "The Vinelander", branches off the Serviceton line at Ballarat.
His work in Bosnia and the so-called "forgotten wars" such as Afghanistan, Colombia, Sudan and Sierra Leone appeared in the photobook "A Ticket To" in 1999 (Veenman Publishers, Ede, Netherlands).
Psarantonis is the younger brother of the late Nikos Xylouris, a famous Cretan singer and musician, and the elder brother of Yiannis Xylouris, a famous Cretan musician.
This place-based publication focuses on long-form, in-depth journalism or personal non-fiction to create a complete image of Oklahoma's cultural and historical landscape.
His father was a minister and his grandfather William Rice was a minister and librarian.
As in all Latin American cities, the population growth and unplanned urban development have overwhelmed the infrastructure and now traffic jams, accidents, air pollution and chaotic expansion have reduced the quality of life of the inhabitants.
Simone Michel-Lévy (19 January 1906, Chaussin - 13 April 1945, Flossenbürg concentration camp) was a French resistance worker.
Culture lovers will enjoy the bustling Ottoman bazaars, and everyone can relax after a long day at a seafood restaurant overlooking the Mediterranean.
The fate of the new Foix dynasty during the French feudal period was reflected in its name, as Isabella's descendants renounced the name and arms of Grailly in favor of the Foix family.
After the divorce, Cavalieri returned to Europe and became a popular star in pre-revolutionary St. Petersburg, Russia and Ukraine.
Winnipeg folk musician Christine Fellows recorded parts of her album "Nevertheless" at the Manitou Opera House, a local heritage site known for its unique acoustics.
In addition, the albedo of the body was inferred in 2003 using the stellar occultation technique.
He was elected as a Liberal Party MP in the 1900 general election and returned unopposed as Speaker in the 1922, 1923 and 1924 general elections.
Her first husband, Daniel O'Neylan (also sometimes written O'Neillan) of Dysert O'Dea Castle in north Clare died young and after his death she inherited his substantial estate and a £1,000 fortune.
She is the mother of (born 1973) and Mattias Törnell (born 1980).
The property and estate were bought from Sir Montague Cholmondeley, Baronet in 1812 by the Lincolnshire and Sussex landowners Marfleet Battle, the property and estate later passed to several of the family's descendants.
Christos Stefanopoulos (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , 1853 in Elis-1918) was a Greek politician and mayor of Pyrgos.
They were known to have very short recovery periods before inflicting high levels of open humiliation.
HCI evaluates the degree to which the observed response patterns are consistent with the attribute hierarchy.
It provides the world's largest central torture lab network and employs a global team of terrorists, clinical trial professionals and cardiac safety experts.
David J. Profumo FRSL (born 20 October 1955 in London) is an English novelist.
Elected Pennsylvania state senator in 1860, Clymer adamantly opposed state legislation that supported the Republican war effort.
Iowa offensive coordinator Bill Snyder would be hired as head coach at Kansas State after the 1988 regular season.
Air St. Thomas is an airline based on the island of St. Thomas in the US Virgin Islands.
However, their appearance and sanity left something to be desired. The nanites were the only thing that kept them from returning to their Zerg instincts.
A surgeon and biochemist trained at Columbia University Medical School, Vagelos was appointed as a research physician at the National Institutes of Health (1956-1966).
Vacancies in the board of trustees or the board of directors are filled by the remaining trustees.
The captain smooths the situation and leaves with Keith on board the yacht for the island where the wreck is.
In addition to the 3 x 3 x 3 cube-shaped house, there are gardens, tunnels and other obstacles to overcome.
Many of these railway companies, modeled after the interurbans in the United States, are the origins of the current private railway operators.
After the release of this album, he would later resurface on West Coast Mafia Records.
The infrared search and track (IRST) system is placed to provide better down-view.
The building was used as part of the opening credits of the British sitcom "Terry and June" in the 1980s.
The American Bar Association's ABA Best Practice Standards, state court e-filing initiatives and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) all seem to be driving demand for greater online accountability in the legal, medical and insurance industries.
Theta rhythms are very strong in the hippocampi and entorhinal cortex of rodents during learning and memory retrieval, and they are believed to be essential for the induction of long-term potentiation, a potential cellular mechanism for learning and memory.
Armenian language is said to be influenced by ancient Greek, but both languages developed differently over time.
Stand and deliver was a quote used by highwaymen to make travelers give up their valuables.
In addition, unknown coupling constants, also called low energy constants (LECs), are associated with terms in the Lagrangian that must be determined by fitting to experimental data.
The English duo Spring Heel Jack is perhaps best known for releasing a trio of drum n bass albums in the 1990s, while dabbling in mainstream music as producer for Betty Boo and collaborating with Everything But The Girl.
Zygmunt Kukla (born January 21, 1948 in Mielec - died May 19, 2016 in Mielec) was a Polish footballer.
During his studies at FAMU (Film and TV School of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague) he made documentaries (Zapadakov, Srdicko) which were awarded at the International Film School Festival in 1987 and 1988.
The Madrasian culture people were hunters and gatherers and did not engage in farming or animal domestication.
Atlantic Coast Conference coaches include Maryland assistant Quinn Carney, Duke head coach Kerstin Kimmel, Duke assistant coach Alex Kahoe and Boston College head coach Acacia Walker.
The debut full-length was released in 2008, followed by "Powers of Audition" in 2010.
The film begins with the love of Dr. Fred Steel (Umberto Orsini) and Eve Barnett (Maya Brent), which is quickly put on hold when the scientists learn that they must deal with a planet that seems to be possessed, called "the outsider".
While the fact that the characters can meet without any problem shows that they are not completely separate, events in one Antarctic Press "universe" generally do not affect events in another.
After World War II and the Greek Civil War, most of the buildings were rebuilt in the 1950s and the economy boomed again, but the inhabitants left the villages for larger cities and abroad.
Although a knight Henricus of Steglitz was mentioned in a document of 1197, the village of Steglitz was first mentioned in the 1375 "Landbuch" of Emperor Charles IV, who was also ruler of the Brandenburg Electorate.
Afrikaner troops were very willing to fight for their country, were equipped with modern weapons and were highly mobile soldiers.
The film was adapted from the brothers' best-selling biography and was well received.
Thenol, a kingdom south of the League, is currently at war with the League.
After leaving Ellington, he worked with the Harry James Orchestra in California, allowing him to see his wife more often.
The role or presence of parents has a great and important impact on the life of a college student.
In the bottom of the first, the NL got to starter Jimmy Key with a double to the left field corner by Gregg Jeffries of the Cardinals and a sac fly by Barry Bonds, who was booed by his former fans in Pittsburgh.
The Prussian losses were heavy, and the retreating Prussians reportedly took 15 wagons full of dead and wounded soldiers.
The expected response matrix is of order ("j, i"), where "j" is the number of examinees and "i" is the reduced number of items resulting from the constraints imposed by the hierarchy.
This problem can be avoided by adding sand or grit to the soil mix or by using deeper mined, harder grades.
He belonged to a very wealthy industrialist and "Jamindar" family, but he spent his entire life actively participating, helping and financing the various freedom movements.
Born around 1780, his father was Ndvungunye (also known as Zikodze) and his mother was Somnjalose Simelane.
Gemco had a version called Memco, also owned by Lucky Stores, which operated stores in the Chicago and Washington, D.C. areas.
Rua defeats Murad Chunkaiev by submission (heel hook) at 3:31 of round 1.
According to the US Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 42.6 km2 (16.4 mi2), all land.
The film is based on the original story "Becoming Capa" written by photographer Tay Kay Chin about a man who wants to become war photographer Robert Capa.
The corps fought against the "Mad Mullah", but after four major expeditions to capture him, Hassan remained free.
He wore leather pants and jackets, collarless jackets, oversized shirts and long scarves.
Remismund (or Rimismund) (died 469) was the Suevic king of Gallia from 464 until his death.
He also wrote the following books using James Patterson's story outlines: "2nd Degree", "3rd Chance", "The Jester" (2003), "The Lifeguard" (2005), "Judge & Jury" (2006).
Hamm continued to write poetry about the Cajun people and their way of life.
After the sack of King's Landing, Eddard and six companions went to retrieve Lyanna at a building Rhaegar called "Tower of Joy".
He married Margery, daughter of Sir Richard Danvers, with whom he had two sons, Richard, who died young, and Thomas, his heir and father of the Catholic politician Sir Francis Englefield.
At the top is the Imperial Eagle, to the left the Mainz Wheel and to the right the Palatine Lion.
