In schools, the use of metric units is the norm, but schools must also teach children about imperial units that remain in common use in the UK.
The MS.315 is a parasol-wing monoplane with a tailwheel, with a split main landing gear and powered by a 135hp (101kW) Salmson 9Nc radial engine.
In the following years, he became a full-time war correspondent, covering conflicts in Haiti, Rwanda, Colombia, Afghanistan, Sierra Leone and Sudan for publications in Holland, Belgium, Germany and the USA.
Among them were Robert Grosseteste, Bishop of Lincoln, the most important intellectual in England at the time, who recognized Margaret's position as Countess of Lincoln to be legitimate and important, and he saw Margaret as both patron and peer.
However, concerns about other Chinese intentions emerged when it was reported that China had acquired one of the T-10Ks, an Su-33 prototype, from Ukraine, potentially to study and reverse engineer a domestic version.
In March 2005, with the help of former Super Friend, Charles Austin, The Call-Up recorded their self-titled ep as "Undecided" in Halifax, Nova Scotia in Austin's Ultramagnetic Studio.
However, there are also non-academic achievers such as Maria Felicia Gunawan, who in 2015 was in charge of carrying the Indonesian flag at the National Palace on Indonesia's Independence Day.
Netscape Internet Service is a discount Internet service provider by AOL, the current owners of the Netscape brand name, which is a registered trademark.
He wanted to learn if people can respond to figurative speech at the same speed as literal speech.
The company was previously in partnership with a YouTube channel called "cessna154" performing similar tasks.
The Tel Aviv Gillette Marathon is a multi-course event that allows both professional and amateur runners to participate.
In contrast, the dimeric form of M2-PK is characterized by low affinity to phosphoenolpyruvate and is almost inactive at physiological PEP concentrations.
Gregory Jim Rutherford Polanco (born September 14, 1991) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder.
In the mid-1950s, there were a few attempts to revive the full-page Sunday comic strip, notably Lance and Johnny Reb and Billy Yank.
This is not the case, and this is one of the approximations used in deriving the equation.
These researchers also seek to determine the relationship of religion to ancient politics more generally, at sites in Wisconsin and the Cahokia area.
The club, founded in 1895, currently plays in the Topklasse, the highest level of football in the Netherlands.
The Steel was the first team from Mexico to play in an American arena / indoor football league, as well as the first team from outside the United States to play in one since the Toronto Phantoms of the Arena Football League (2001-2002).
Laid on April 2, 1991, launched on November 11, 1991 and commissioned on April 15, 1992.
The requirements were that it could be used for long-range transport, defensive patrol, reconnaissance, light bombing and torpedo attack.
Sensory stimulation therapy (SS) is an experimental therapy that aims to use neural plasticity mechanisms to help restore somatosensory system function after stroke or cognitive aging.
Galaxy Communications Corp. is run by its founders, Seth A. Redlich and Pedro A. Cordovez.
His father was a member of both the Brittany Parliament and the Paris Parliament, and his mother and stepmother were both daughters of members of the Paris Parliament.
In "The 10 Real Reasons Why Geeks Make Better Lovers," Regina Lynn tried to counter the stereotype that "computer nerds" were too socially inept to have relationships.
Poju and his wife Anita were on the ArtReviews "Power 100" list for 2006, 2007 & 2008, which evaluates the titans of the art world.
He was then invited by the Japanese consul on behalf of the Houston Chamber of Commerce and the Southern Pacific Railroad to teach rice production to local farmers in Texas.
Licensed to Barnwell, South Carolina, USA, the station was owned by Bullie Broadcasting Corporation.
Due to the fact that the two mountains are almost continuous with each other, people began to mistakenly call Signal Peak, Mica Peak.
In 1991, during the Slovenian Ten-Day War against the Yugoslav Federal Army, Murska Sobota was bombed from the air, with no casualties or visible damage.
Since a huge amount of power is needed to run data centers, the company has contributed greatly to carbon reduction.
As the amount of demand is a time-dependent quantity, so is the demand factor.
The combined efforts of the SNH and other cultural and historical groups at the time led to Iran having a majority monopoly on the recovery of its own artifacts and discoveries.
In 2014, he shared a platform with Michael Mosley on 'Medicine and War' at the Cheltenham Science Festival.
First mentioned in 1137, Velsk regularly suffered from floods before it was moved to a higher place in the 16th century.
This high rate made "A Favorita" achieve the worst telenovela debut in Rede Globo's history.
Upton and Hoffman ignored the "Great American Quilt Revival" trends in quilt making that began in the 1960s.
District Championships and Swedish Championships are held annually in all dance styles, as well as Swedish Championships for dance clubs (teams).
He studied in Tübingen, Freiburg, Berlin and Heidelberg, where he earned his medical degree in 1910.
The term historical Jesus refers to scholarly reconstructions of the life of Jesus of Nazareth.
In 1652 Sitwell built a furnace at Foxbrooke near Renishaw, which became the core of the largest ironworks in Derbyshire.
There were 86 households, of which 31.4% had children under the age of 18, 58.1% were married couples living together, 5.8% had a female householder without a husband, and 27.9% were not families.
It was Wiesner's only title of the year and the 1st of his career.
The film is quite outdated and of poor quality, but it gives visitors a general overview of horses and people who work with them.
In September 2009, the City of San Antonio transferred 2962 acres of land to the Texas Parks & Wildlife Department for inclusion in the Government Canyon State Natural Area, bringing the total area in the reserve to 11,576 acres.
Two of his sons, Miguel Enr ⁇ quez and Edgardo Enriquez, along with his ex-son-in-law Juan Bautista van Schouwen (all three leading members of the MIR) were assassinated in the first period of the Pinochet regime.
The song features Lee Roy Parnell on slide guitar, Benmont Tench on piano and Trisha Yearwood providing backing vocals.
This followed the communal elections held on September 22 and will be followed by a federal parliamentary election of the Syrian Democratic Council, the region's highest governing body, initially scheduled for January 2018, but later postponed.
Thanos's memory implant is what caused Starfox to lose control of his powers, and he agrees to have Moondragon turn them off completely rather than risk hurting more people.
The following is a list of the 530 communes in the Isère department of France.
Topics generally covered are alien abduction, UFO sightings, UFO crashes, crop circles, paranormal experiences, government conspiracy and much more.
For example, while it does not share the divine mandate of the Catholic Church with how King Henry VIII broke the church "in" England away from Rome, the modern Church "of" England is today portrayed as a perfectly legitimate and respectable organization.
The protests were rooted in the election of a new Jefferson County (Jeffco) Public Schools board in November 2013.
North Southwark and Bermondsey was a parliamentary constituency in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom created in 1997.
The species was first described to the United States National Museum by Professors Jordan and Gilbert in the Big Pigeon River.
In January 1990, the same Philippine supplier sent a shipment of 100 macaques to Hazleton's Texas Primate Center in Alice, Texas, and another 100 to Hazleton's Reston Unit.
Marcus Aurelius Olympius Nemesianus, Roman poet, thought to be a native of Carthage and flourished about AD 283.
It was last played at Empire Lakes Golf Course in Rancho Cucamonga, California, USA.
Anna stretches her jaws to reveal her reptilian teeth, and she devours the soldier.
Some Jefferson County residents thought teachers were encouraging their students to skip class and protest, but according to one of the leaders of the Columbine High School protests, that's not true.
It was named after the Presumpscot River, where large amounts of characteristic blue-gray clay are found.
The Dhahran airfield continued to serve as the commercial and military air hub of the Eastern Provinces until the completion, in 1999, of the King Fahd International Airport near Dammam.
It was produced by London Weekend Television from 1969 to 1970 and spawned numerous sequels with many of the same characters, which ran until 1991.
Internal sizing is applied to almost all papers and especially to all those that are machine-made, while surface sizing is added for the highest grade of bond, ledger and writing papers.
In a 1962 survey of reporters asking what magazines they cited in their work, "The Reporter" came in fourth place after "Time", "U.S. News & World Report" and "Newsweek", with no other publication coming close.
Baker at the time was the owner of WWBZ in McClellanville and had also recently acquired WNCK in Port Royal.
Lomas Verdes is a middle-class neighborhood located in the county of Naucalpan de Juárez, in the state of Mexico.
He joined the Liberal Union and the minor Middle Class Party, Neutral Party and Economic League to form the Liberal State Party, the Freedom League.
Raul V. Fabella (born April 12, 1949, Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, Philippines), Filipino academic economist and National Scientist of the Philippines.
This original guest house was built on a peninsula point on Blue Mountain Lake.
As of the 2000 census, there were 33,698 people, 12,600 households and 8,883 families living in the city.
Pauahi was the eldest daughter of High Chief Pauli Kaoleioku, by his first wife, Alii Keoua-Wahine.
In 2001-09, he was director of the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum in New York City.
The episode begins with CJ being summoned to the office of White House Counsel Oliver Babish, who menacingly questions CJ about the President's MS cover-up, despite the fact that she was only informed the night before.
The pair must navigate the various passages and floors of the castle to find and free Blobette.
Since the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, there has been a legal debate on the action.
In February 1943, the 58th Fighter Group received new Curtiss P-40 Warhawks and took them to North Africa aboard the USS Ranger.
Directed by Paul Lynch, the episode was written by D.C. Fontana, under the pseudonym "J. Michael Bingham", with John D.F. Black also credited for his role in the origin of the plot.
A story present in the Br ⁇ hma ⁇ as has Indra killing an avaricious pig, who stole the treasure of the asuras, then giving his carcass to Vishnu, who offers it as a sacrifice to the gods.
When Pinto was 10, she began reading a neighbor's copy of "Women's Wear Daily".
The Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets were an amateur hockey team that existed between (1915-1925, 1930-1932).
Later in 1931, he was placed under house arrest by Chiang because of legislative disagreements.
The first three biodiversity hotspots identified by the co-founders of Haiti National Trust and their team were declared national parks by Haitian President Michel Martelly and his government.
The projection can be computed as an oblique aspect of the Peirce quincuncial projection by rotating the axis 45 degrees.
One eats it directly, the other puts it in water and eats it.
Data is transmitted in a set of 128 frames that takes 4 minutes to complete.
There have also been uncertain reports of stray tigers in the forest reserve by local indigenous people.
After their most successful season, when the club was near the top of the II. Yugoslavian league and Celje even qualified for the I. Yugoslavian league, Slovenia declared its independence.
Although this is true, as seen in "A Hole In The World", Wesley's suspicions here arise mainly from jealousy and paranoia.
Mr. Yamaguchi began at Japan's 3 Rensho company building frames for professional Keirin riders, the most famous being ten-time Sprint World Champion Koichi Nakano.
Made on a budget of, "Fashion" was released on October 29, 2008 to critical acclaim and box office success.
In October 1989, 100 cynomolgus macaques ("Macaca fascicularis") were imported from Mindanao Island in the Philippines via Amsterdam and New York to Hazleton Research Products (now Covance), Primate Quarantine Unit in Reston, Virginia.
The guideline does not cover topics related to artificial structures in space, such as artificial satellites, spacecraft, space probes, space stations or space telescopes.
The remaining front runners, committed to a two-stop strategy, remained on the course longer, with Hinchcliffe and Alexander Rossi being the first to peel off on lap 28.
Guillaume Levasseur, de Beauplan (c. 1600-6 December 1673) or "William le Vasseur de Beauplan" was a French-Polish cartographer, engineer and architect.
It contained many popular dance hits of the time from artists such as Leftfield, Fluke and 2 Bad Mice as well as original productions and remixes from the duo themselves.
The group was founded in mid-2014 and stands ideologically between the Left Platform and Alexis Tsipras' core supporters.
Still in character from the play she had just performed, "The Shape of Things", Rachel shortened their names to Al and Al.
The first "legal population" after 1999 under this new law came into force on 1 January 2009 and was based on the 2006 census.
Across Roxas Boulevard is the US Embassy, and a few blocks away are the Robinsons Place Manila mall, the historic Luneta Park and the walled city of Intramuros.
The candy-apple red jacket became the "hottest outerwear fad of the mid-1980s" and was widely imitated.
Peter Gadiot trained classically at the Drama Center in London and appeared in numerous stage productions.
The main hall ("hond ⁇ ") was originally a "tacch ⁇ " (subtemple) of My ⁇ shin-ji and was built in 1616 by order of the samurai Fukushima Masanori.
Mar 1, 2005, it is the only novel of Korczak to have been translated into English, although several of his pedagogical works have also been translated.
At the end of the war, he tried to establish an English national opera throughout the 1920s, but was unable to get the financial support needed to maintain a permanent company.
However, subsequent encounters would follow a different pattern, as D'Humières was replaced by Luxembourg, who would win every battle.
A Bukkake Ninja had standard Ninja training, but is said to have had extra rigorous training to develop the ability to produce massive streams of ejaculate with very short recovery periods.
Reveley's areas of academic specialization include administrative law, citizen lawyers, commercial nuclear power, and constitutional law-war powers.
Almost without exception, the Keetoowahs sided with the Northern States during the Civil War.
Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt (born Maria Mercedes Morgan; August 23, 1904 February 13, 1965) was a Swiss-born American socialite best known as the mother of fashion designer and artist Gloria Vanderbilt and maternal grandmother of television journalist Anderson Cooper.
In the mathematical field of topology, a section (or cross section) of a fiber bundle E is a continuous right inverse of the projection function  ⁇  pi.
During the 1965 war, his son Mahmud was a Pakistani army officer and the opposition demanded he be removed from the government.
On December 10, 2003, she became one of the few members of the council not to be re-elected.
Despite government attention, Böszörmény managed to hold on to his power base in Tisza, preaching a mixture of anti-Semitism and land reform.
They are incorporated under Wolf Park, Inc., which is located in the small town of Battle Ground, Indiana.
At that point, they broke into a short segment of "Beat It" by Michael Jackson, which led fans to believe they were going to play Thriller.
Between 2008-2009, BICOM received £ 800,000 in donations from chairman Zabluodowicz, who also pledged to provide further support for the organisation.
Sancho is the author of numerous papers, more than two hundred of which have been published in scientific journals as well as books for the general public.
In fact, at one point he hired the nationally known lawyer Roy Cohn to help defend him.
Dagsa was made a barangay on June 21, 1959 through the mandated provisions of Republic Act No. 2563.
Dean was elected as a Democrat to the 45th United States Congress, serving from 1878 to 1879.
Voigt hoboed from place to place until he went to live with his sister in Rixdorf near Berlin.
These views are rarely uniform even within cultures and are affected by views of consent, marriage and gender roles, and by perceptions of social and economic differences between age groups.
This report was made during the famous expedition that made the entire length of the Northeast Passage for the first time in history.
Steve Walsh also said that the band has no plans to re-release the video in its entirety, they consider it an embarrassment and consider fans lucky if they have a copy.
Hannu Toivonen is a member of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters, a regular member of the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters and the Finnish Academy of Technology.
Du also modeled for the covers of the Chinese, Hong Kong and Singaporean editions of "Elle", the Chinese and Singaporean Harper's Bazaar and the Chinese "Numéro".
Juan Tizol (December 31, 1900 - April 23, 1984) was a Puerto Rican trombonist and composer of "Caravan" and "Perdido".
"Helplessly Hoping" is a 1969 song by the American folk rock group Crosby, Stills and Nash.
From the 1970s to the 1990s, all undergraduate students at the University of Ottawa were required to pass a second language proficiency test to meet their graduation requirements.
In the Philippines, it has acquired the meaning of a small gift or souvenir from someone traveling, either during a visit or when returning home.
Other first-class matches included the usual tour side games with universities and end-of-season festival cricket.
Centennial Place is a set of 2 skyscrapers under construction in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Starting in January 2017, Patton served as a senior adviser and director of public engagement for the US Department of Housing and Urban Development, appearing at events alongside HUD Secretary Ben Carson.
The subject of future land reform was also prominent in some of his speeches.
The first three seasons of "Designer Guys" were hosted by Chris Hyndman and Steven Sabados, who currently host "Design Rivals" and "So Chic."
He was a non-playing substitute when "the cats" won both the Leinster and All-Ireland titles in 1963.
The first issue appeared on August 8, 1703, making the "Wiener Zeitung" one of the oldest, still published newspapers in the world.
It is surface-mined, immediately sifted and bagged, and supplied in various grades: the deeper mined grade is somewhat harder and more useful in horticulture than the shallower mined grades.
"Tight A$" is a song written by John Lennon released on his 1973 album "Mind Games".
Then they branched out on different themes together, co-authoring bestsellers "The Jester", "Lifeguard" and "Judge and Jury".
In 1987, Chad reported to the United Nations the destruction of eight F.260s and the capture of nine others during its border war with Libya, some of these second-hand Libyan aircraft may even have found their way to the US market.
The old "Reichsstraße" stretched from the far west of Germany through Aachen and Cologne to Berlin, then continued eastward to end about two hundred miles northeast of Königsberg in East Prussia.
The end of the Vallesian and the beginning of the Turolian brought the extinction in the west of faunas dominated by bovids and giraffids characteristic of the so-called sub-Paratethyan or Greek-Iranian province.
Nanao, opened in 1898 as the Nanae Line, and the Kabe Line from Hiroshima, opened in 1909-1911 as a 2 "6" gauge light railway, the proposed destination of Hamada on the coast of the Sea of Japan was never reached.
This exhibition match was very controversial, as it was expected that the Excalibur women's hockey team would wear quad skates for this match.
He currently holds the E. N. Basha Chair at Arizona State University and is a research associate of the NBER.
He was survived by his wife Linda, his adopted son, and his former wife and longtime business partner Mary Faith Rhoads.
However, in another account, he claimed he went to Cornwall to inspect one of the poorly performing estates.
Most countries in the first half of the nineteenth century used a "bimetallic" (two metals) standard that used both silver and gold.
The old coaching inns have been converted into houses or business properties such as George House and Sun Pottery, or demolished completely.
The connection would be a short route along US 87E between Ranchester and Sheridan (Modern US 14 between Greybull and Burgess Junction was then known as WYO 416).
In 2012, the "Friends of Morley Station" group was formed and is addressing some of its problems.
As part of the alignment process with Directive 80/181/EEC, the Weights and Measures Act 1986 formally removed from the statute book a large number of imperial units of measure that had fallen into disuse as a result of the metrication program to date.
The Nesthäkchen books represent a German literary genre, the ', a girls' novel that describes maturation and was intended for readers aged 12-16.
His sight began to deteriorate in both eyes and this progressive loss of vision forced him to retire from the operatic stage seven years later, although his voice was still in prime condition.
While seemingly harmless and a bit of fun by most, some find character blogging hard to take.
The classic "Concubine" is a killer start to the live album, showing the rawness of the band's earlier work updated a bit with the live performance.
Rann is the third longest serving Premier of South Australia and the longest serving South Australian Labor leader.
The President of the Republic of Namibia is the head of state and government and the commander-in-chief of the defense forces under the Namibian Constitution.
A pennate or pinnate muscle (also called a penniform muscle) is a muscle with fasciculi that attach obliquely (in a slanted position) to its tendon.
In the mathematical field of topology, a section (or cross section) of a fiber bundle ⁇  pi is a continuous right inverse of the projection function ⁇  pi.
In August 1963, Kirchherr met Lennon and Cynthia in Paris, while they were both there for a belated honeymoon, as Kirchherr was there with a girlfriend for a few days' holiday.
However, when NASA's 1969 budget was cut, the focus was shifted to the Skylab space station proposal, which managed to accommodate the equipment already specified for some AAP missions.
In a baroque palace, access to an enfilade suite of state rooms was usually limited by the rank or degree of intimacy of the visitor.
There are some claims that even the Kaiser was amused by the incident.
Sardar Fateh Mohammad Khan, after toppling Shah Shuja's rule in Peshawar, laid the foundation of this huge garden in 1810.
It is also the hometown of Evangelina de la Cruz Macaraeg Macapagal, spouse of 9th President Diosdado Macapagal, and mother of 14th President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.
William Thomas Nichols (March 24, 1829 - April 10, 1882) was a 19th century politician, soldier and businessman.
Rev Guy Ramsay was president of the Baptist Union of Scotland in the late 1940s.
The principle of the internal market, supported by a judgment of the European Court of Justice, required that any product legally produced anywhere in the European Union could, in most cases, be sold anywhere in the EU.
George and his family attended the tsar's funeral, but they were ignored as much as possible by the Imperial family until Alexander III approached his father's widow and spoke to the widowed princess.
About 50% of viewers spend between one and three hours watching TV per day.
In 2011, Fairway expanded even further with two more locations - one on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, which opened on July 20th, and the other in Douglaston, Queens, which opened on November 16th.
Siegfried played college basketball for Ohio State University, and his tenure there overlapped with future Hall of Famer Jerry Lucas and John Havlicek.
Many times the Romans set fire to the siege towers, and even the son of King Grumbates was killed in one of the failed attempts.
His jaw-dropping war, disaster and health illness images left millions of people speechless.
John Strype, on the other hand, seems to have seen the petition, and according to him it was presented to Parliament.
Arlington station is located on Arlington Street, and Copley station is on Dartmouth Street in Copley Square.
Cadithi first published her poems and essays in journals such as Vayavya, Cha, Boiler Journal and Muse India.
The Environment and Sustainability Institute (ESI) is a £ 30 million interdisciplinary research center with a mandate to find solutions to environmental change problems.
Stephen George Davies received his B.A. in 1973 from New College, University of Oxford and D.Phil (supervised by Dr Gordon Whitham) in 1975, also at the University of Oxford.
In the last decades of the 19th century and at the beginning of the 20th century, assistance amounted to a few steamships a year sent from Vladivostok that brought flour, sugar and household supplies.
This reduction was partly due to the fact that TriMet opened a second light rail line in September 1998, resulting in a doubling of the frequency of service along the section of the MAX line used by the faux-vintage streetcars.
The activities of the intelligence unit ended when its members were arrested after the formal occupation of Istanbul on March 16, 1920.
This is Elvenking's first concept album, with lyrics centered around the death of a beautiful woman.
That same year in December, it was renamed "Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic".
Aimery I de Rouchefoucould (died 1151), was Viscount of Châtellerault and father of Aenor de Châtellerault.
The International School of Macaé (ISoM) is an English language school located in Macaé, Brazil.
Bellamy decided to audition for a group formed by Joe Meek, which was advertised in the music press.
Edwards explains the backup president process, and then correctly surmises that it was not the robot pretending to be the president who had died, but the president himself.
Other minor differences include Hyde calling Eric by his first name instead of "Foreman", and Eric calling Red "pop" instead of "dad" or "sir".
Panara was very interested in theater and developed some of the first plays for deaf actors and audiences.
"High Lonesome Sound" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Vince Gill.
Camille McGee Kelley (1879-January 28, 1955) was an American juvenile court judge and author.
He was a headstrong and hasty man, these behaviors contributed to his poor choices.
The Rancho, as it is now known, rapidly expanded after it was designated as a respiratory center for poliomyelitis patients in 1951.
In the late 1970s, she withdrew from art to become part of the feminist movement with critic Carla Lonzi.
Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is a far-left Greek revolutionary group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
When implemented in Twelf, binders can often be directly encoded using the technique of higher-order abstract syntax (HOAS), in which meta-language (Twelf) binders are used to represent object-level binders.
It is one of the most famous newspapers in Europe and the oldest, still published newspaper in the world.
Given a formal language "L", "L"  ⁇  is the  ⁇ -language of all infinite sequences of words from "L", in the functional view, of all functions  ⁇  mathbb  ⁇  "L".
Most semi-submerged huts had simple open fireplaces in the center or near the wall, but ovens were also found in some buildings.
Other than the basal cross vein, the pterostigma is not crossed by any veins.
The Los Angeles Kings played the San Jose Sharks at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, Calif., on Feb. 21, 2015.
Wentian was raised by Mi Jiutou (one of the bodyguards, and he grows up to become a gregarious martial artist who values friendship and righteousness.
In 1995, Donnelly received a bachelor's degree in fine arts from the University of California in Los Angeles.
Sigma Chi Eta (SCH) is a junior college honor society representing the National Communication Association (NCA).
Throughout much of 2011, WCAT broadcast a sports talk format in simulcast with sister stations WRSA (1420 AM) and WFAD (1490 AM) as "Fox Sports Vermont".
Surface-sizing agents are amphipathic molecules, with both hydrophilic (water-loving) and hydrophobic (water-repelling) ends.
Being the largest state in India, Uttar Pradesh has the highest quota for haj pilgrims in India.
Both Mark Stanley and Scott Crawford played guitar on the album, who would play again on other albums, mainly on 2001's "Pure Rock Fury", with the band in later years.
It became the first Rede Record telenovela to reach first place on the S ⁇ o Paulo TV ranking.
A sample of dialogue from the 1946 film "Two Sisters from Boston" was used as an introduction to the first track of the album, "Do not fall".
A model of Homa u'migdal was built for the Land of Israel Pavilion at the 1937 World Exposition in Paris.
The wingspan is about 21 mm. The forewings are ochreous fuscous with a small suffused ochreous-white oblique wedge-shaped mark on the costa at four-fifths.
Earl of Argyll would later be partly responsible for Regent Morton's fall from power and loss of regency in 1578.
In the late 1950s, the provision of Oslo breakfasts by schools had largely ceased, sometimes they were replaced by more popular hot meal provision, or sometimes just dropped altogether as rising prosperity meant that the provision of free school meals was seen as less necessary.
The NLA Tower, Britain's 88th tallest tower, is an example of original 1970s architecture in the city.
She holds an apple in her hand, evoking Aphrodite's victory in the Parisian judgment (in this contest, the goddess had won an apple entitled "for the fairest").
It has a picture behind it of Holloway scoring the game-winning touchdown, with a dozen shocked LSU fans in the background.
In 1997, Mercury merged with three UK cable operators (Vidéotron, Nynex and Bell Cablemedia) and was renamed Cable & Wireless Communications.
He rules from heaven and "works in mysterious ways", guiding creation to the ultimate good of his children.
This is not the first reversal of a feature deployment by the community: an English Wikipedia discussion recently led to the partial removal of the article feedback feature.
James was born in central London in March 1954 and lived in Bedford Square for most of his childhood.
In Berlin, she hoped to get her hands on Augustus' secret written marriage vow, which was in the hands of her cousin Detlev Christian Rantzau, held in Spandau Fortress.
Unfortunately, there is nothing to support such a statement and Freddi's assertion should be considered with doubt.
The climate of the Soave region is influenced by the mists that flow from the Po Valley in the autumn and can bring the viticultural hazards of mold and other grape diseases.
During the Fourth Coalition War against Napoleon, troops under Bernadotte occupied neutral Lübeck after a battle against Blücher on November 6, 1806.
The Admiralty inquiry ruled out damage from enemy action and sabotage, even though captured members of the Torricelli crew were housed on board.
Quebec is the second most populous province in Canada with 7,903,001 residents as of 2011 and is the largest in land area at.
A certain educated stranger later emerged in the "barrio" and taught the settlers of the barangay.
Mike James (born April 13, 1991) is an American football running back who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL).
The first edition of Boom Boom Magazine was published in 2006 during Copenhagen Music Week, which culminated in the MTV Music Awards.
This allowed companies to offer a new form of communication more commonly known as "cell phones."
Maresfield has its own school, Bonners Church of England School, but older children travel to Uckfield Community Technology College.
The Earth is home to millions of species of plants and animals, including humans.
Halfway through the game, he is imprisoned by Vaati, who transforms himself into the king and orders his soldiers to find the Light Force for him.
The 2010 Generali Ladies Linz was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
In 2008, Short received a Grammy Award for his work on the album titled "The Live Wire," which is the only known live recording of legendary folk artist Wood Guthrie.
Sabah Sarawak Keluar Malaysia (SSKM) is a separatist organization that aims to separate the states of Sabah and Sarawak from the Federation of Malaysia.
Bourbon Barrel Foods' Bourbon and Vanilla flavored Sweet Sorghum puts a unique spin on "Kentucky Maple Syrup" TM.
In 1763, Johansson published a dissertation, "Centuria insectorum rariorum", which includes descriptions of 102 insect and crustacean species sent to Linnaeus from Carolina, Pennsylvania, Surinam and Java.
He held many art classes in his Reading studio to encourage the development of art in Berks County and elsewhere in Pennsylvania.
Warrior King was born in Kingston but moved to Clarendon, Jamica during his early years.
On 4 March 2012 he was sacked, but on 29 April 2012 he was recalled by Vicenza, but he could not save the team from relegation.
The Ombudsman was theoretically independent of the legal profession and the Scottish Executive, (but see below) the Ombudsman's findings and recommendations were not reviewed by Scottish Ministers or the Scottish Executive.
She had obtained a Russian version of the Protocols of Zion from the notorious white Russian and extremely antisemitic tsarist officer Boris Brasol, and then she asked, on her own initiative, and received permission to translate it into English.
The most direct evidence of US complicity is a memo from NSC staffer Bob Komer to President John F. Kennedy on the night of the coup, February 8, 1963.
Bobcats, coyotes, gray foxes and rarely mountain lions inhabit the area, but are rarely seen by visitors.
Moses Lamidi (born January 5, 1988 in Lagos) is a German-Nigerian footballer who currently plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen.
Lettsom then set up a medical practice in Tortola, and as the only doctor on the island, he accumulated a real small fortune of £ 2,000 in just six months, whereupon he gave half to his mother (who had remarried) and returned to
At its inner end, an active glacier flowing from the massive Karpinsky Glacier in the northwest, as well as other active glaciers flowing from the University Glacier in the southwest, flow into the western shore of the fjord.
It plugs directly into the Silverlight application it automates and has access to every element / object in the entire Silverlight application.
The electric blue crayfish is a genetic variant of the naturally occurring crayfish "Procambarus alleni".
The Meopham Air Disaster occurred on 21 July 1930 when a Junkers F13ge from Le Touquet to Croydon with two crew and four passengers crashed near Meopham, Kent, with the loss of all on board.
The forewings are 7-8 mm long and resemble those of "Epeiromulona lephina", but the black spots on the upperside are slightly more prominent.
It describes the ancient Maya civilization, the conquest by Spain in the 1520s, hundreds of years of oppression, and the modern struggle of Mayans for self-determination and a Mayan renaissance.
Borgatti participated in a historic musical event at La Scala in 1901 when he was asked to sing at a "grand commemorative concert" organized to mark the recent death of Verdi.
The piece is sometimes confused with Ramon Llull's "Plant de la Verge".
The Living Tribunal, concerned with the fairness of the process, called on She-Hulk as prosecutor.
Based in Huntsville, Alabama, ADTRAN products enable voice, data, video and Internet communications across copper, fiber and wireless network infrastructures.
In 1962, a house at the corner of W. Mulberry Avenue and Howard Street was purchased to house the kindergarten program of the school.
Along with Chief Operating Officer James McCray, he was able to establish GridAgents as the forerunner of the next generation of distributed energy resources, demand-side response, smart grid and smart city management systems and platforms.
Subsequent comments should be made on an appropriate discussion page (such as the category's talk page or in a).
In 1939, the vehicle was unofficially nicknamed "Schwarz Vogel" (Black Bird) by Hitler and was to be painted in German nationalistic colors complete with German Adler (Eagle) and Hakenkreuz (Swastika / Bent Cross).
She was part of the team that became champions at the UEFA Women's Euro 2017.
After several years of planning, with trial brews produced by Everards Brewery in Leicester and Nethergate Brewery in Essex, the new Truman's brewery in Hackney Wick was completed in August 2013.
This work also included learning ways to shrink audio and video files while testing the security of Navy's chaotic code.
The frontal geometric composition of the tunic decorated with circles and floral motifs recalls the refined and Hispano-Moorish fabrics held in such high esteem in the Christian West at that time.
Francesco (de') Ficoroni (1664-1747) John Edwin Sandys, "A History of Classical Scholarship" 1908: 380.
As a trilateral organization that brings together Jordanian, Palestinian and Israeli environmentalists, its primary goal is to promote cooperative efforts to protect a shared environmental heritage.
Now that lean methods are moving into other industries such as financial services, healthcare, government and education, there are some initial examples of the application of lean accounting in these industries.
Philip VanBrugh (c. 1681-1753) naval officer and Commodore Governor of Newfoundland, born in Chester England and baptized there on 31 January 1681/2.
The large stage of the Drury Lane Theatre with its hydraulics and moving parts made it exciting to watch.
From 1917, he made frequent forays into the Western Australian bush to experience first-hand life in the bush and deserts of Outback Australia.
In the early 1990s, they broadcast their own automated formats, first metal as "The Crusher", then an alternative rock format known as "The Warp".
The couple has three children and maintains two homes in Kifisia, along with an office in Athens and a holiday home in Preveza, all thanks to a large estate belonging to Tsakalotos' father.
For months, the people of Sogod and the surrounding villages did not eat fish caught from the bay.
In 1904, he became the first Italian tenor invited to sing at the German Bayreuth Festival.
The group's first three releases were issued by Gravity Records, a label also considered to have played a major role in the "San Diego sound."
The term itself has been used since the 1970s, although in recent times the terms mini, micro or midi hi-fi, or integrated hi-fi have been preferred.
From the mid-1940s to at least the 1980s, "thirds" were the most common comic strip format, and "thirds" are still common today.
The Council was composed of 15 councillors elected from three electoral areas (Ballycastle, Giant's Causeway and The Glens) every four years by a system of proportional representation.
Khasari is a village in the Bilaspur district of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
In combat situations, there can be 60 additional combat personnel, such as pilots, gunners and other support officers, and about 8,000 ground troops.
The Baptist Union of Scotland admitted Thomas Ramsay as lay pastor in 1901 when the Maybole Baptist Church opened.
Three years later, Ford Motor Company decided to use the Sierra name on their Cortina / Taunus replacement and served a legal writ against Dutton demanding that they stop using the name.
Robson scored and Seaman "saw his gentle penalty saved by his opposite number" to give United a 5-4 win and thus the Shield.
She continued to enjoy this secret influence on the king when her son Archibald succeeded his father as the 7th Earl in 1584.
In this discussion, an editor (and apparently a Wikipedia Admin) took a position that at least one editor should be viewed as "disruptive" to the process.
It is located about south-east of Pogorzela, south-east of Gosty ⁇  and south of the regional capital Pozna ⁇ .
Eucleides Tsakalotos (born 1960 in Rotterdam, Netherlands) is the Chief Economic Spokesman of the Greek government.
The Bernheim distillery was then purchased by Heaven Hill Distilleries in the late 1990s, and it was substantially refurbished to become Heaven Hill's main distillery.
According to the now prominent theory of S. E. Jaxontov, the "chongniu" division III syllables (together with all syllables in division II) had a medial "-r-" in Old Chinese.
The "standard social science model" sees the brain simply as a large domain-general structure whose functions have evolved gradually through cultural input.
Upon the untimely death of Abacha in 1998, Diya was not pardoned by the late head of state, Abdusalami Abubakar.
A few other men fell and snuck back, but I don't know their names.
The stills were taken with a Pentax 24x36 and the motion segment was shot with a 35mm Arriflex.
The "sitio" was raised to the status of a barangay on June 21, 1959 through the provisions of Republic Act No. 2563.
Boukar Tjilas Mahé Soum Diouf is said to have come into conflict with Fangool Tamba Faye (the "Great Fangoo of Ndiob").
His parents, Larry Sarner and Linda Rosa, are leaders of the advocacy group Advocates for Children in Therapy.
The barangay has a heavy presence of migrants from other parts of the Philippines, and it is also home to a number of foreigners who intermarried with local residents.
Kurus eventually became obsolete due to chronic inflation in Turkey in the late 1970s.
Cylon's early customers included UCD and Dunnes Stores, and now supply systems internationally to projects in the Middle East, US and Africa.
On February 17, 2007, the Minnesota Thunder announced the signing of Smith to a two-year contract.
Dolcetto wines are known for black cherry and licorice flavors with some prune flavors and a characteristically bitter finish reminiscent of almonds.
They also prefer a ritual for the dead that consists of wrapping the body in a petite, which is a straw mat, and then buried with items that would need for the journey into the afterlife.
The median income for a household in the city was $ 84,879, and the median income for a family was $ 90,783.
The Quarter of Orleans was the first French settlement on the island in the early 17th century, next to an indigenous village.
On her death on March 6, 1965, Margaret Dumont was cremated, her ashes stored in the vault at the Chapel of the Pines Crematory in Los Angeles.
The star radiates 91 times the brightness of the Sun from its enlarged photosphere at an effective temperature of 5,039 K. It has an optical companion of magnitude 9.36 at an angular separation of 81.9 arc seconds along a position angle of 220 °,
The worst case was in Okinawa, which lost its rails until the opening of Yui Rail in 2003.
Lotupue David Aupiu (born February 10, 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League.
There was a siding behind the up platform, but the goods yard was on the north side of the down platform and consisted of two sidings, both of which served a small goods dock.
He was chairman of Yorkshire Water, Coopers & Lybrand and De La Rue plc and chairman of the Higher Education Funding Council for England.
A female channeler who does not want to become a damane (usually a woman who was not raised in the Seanchan culture) has her will broken in a long process involving both physical pain and emotional manipulation.
The 2006 festival was described by "Hot Press" as a "bite-sized Electric Picnic, held in the grounds of a 17th-century castle, with the added bonus of indoor toilets and showers".
Fraser, p.402 Among these was "the Great Harry", a diamond given to Mary on the occasion of her first marriage by her father-in-law, King Henry II of France.
In January 2005 she sang at a charity gala for victims of the tsunami disaster, held at Brisbane Concert Hall.
Nick Jensen (born September 21, 1990) is an American ice hockey defenseman currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).
There is evidence of a seventh-century church on the site, and the oldest part of the current church dates from around 1150.
She managed to get a travel passport from the Soviet government, possibly in exchange for cooperation, which led to permission to leave Russia.
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,116 people, 437 households and 312 families living in the town.
Industry days are usually held in succession with each event holding fewer people as contractors drop their bids.
After nearly a decade of performances at various Soviet venues, Larin made his debut in the West.
The tanker was bombed and sunk in the North Sea off Dunkerque, Nord, France.
The "Mendocino" was designed by In-Cat and built by Nichols Bros. It was the second catamaran put into service by Golden Gate Ferry.
Since the 1950s, a large Indo-Caribbean American community has developed in Richmond Hill, New York, a neighborhood in Queens, New York.
He later forced Kato Saemon, lord of the Kato district, into retirement in Nagasaki under pressure from his brothers.
Licensed to Port Moody, British Columbia and operating at 98.7 FM, the station serves the Tri-Cities area.
This also accounts for the addiction to pipe smoking, which dominates the island and also the very high incidence of lung and mouth cancers found in the population.
A flying boat with a fuselage similar to the Boeing 314 using Allison V-1710 engines.
Atlas became a Gardner Denver compressor distributor in the 1940s and remains one of the strongest, independently owned compressed air distributors in the United States.
In women's graves, hairpins, earrings of the so-called "Saltovo" type, bracelets, pendants, collar ornaments and buttons were found.
The cars were driven by 2008 World Drivers Champion Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, both of whom remained with the team for a second and fifth season, respectively.
Nick Sirota (born January 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Dinamo Riga.
Barbara Jane (Bobbie) Sparrow, PC (born July 11, 1935) is a former Canadian politician.
But he did not become a major opera star until 1896, when at Milan's La Scala he created the title role in Umberto Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" to great acclaim.
On their own initiative, the inhabitants then built the present shrine, which, together with a small Franciscan cloister and the elementary school, was opened in 1863.
South Africa could have had another wicket three balls later, as Ponting edged through the spread-out slips cordon, and Ponting was also dropped on 17 by Andre Nel.
Judge Clarie received a Ph.B. from Providence College in 1933 and an LL.B. from Hartford College (now the University of Connecticut) in 1938.
Residents of several towns, with notable concentrations in Al Khor, fled to Kuwait after the group's dissolution.
Fuad Gazibegovi ⁇  is a Slovenian footballer of Bosniak descent who can play as a midfielder or defender on the left.
The Dodgers in the 1958 season posted a 71-83 win-loss record, finished seventh (out of eight teams) in the NL and never held the league lead.
Most historians agree that the remnants of Avars, Slavs, Bulgars, and possibly Vlachs (or Romanians) inhabited the region in the.
The Arakawa River is one of the main rivers flowing through Tokyo, the capital of Japan.
Known for his technical achievements in visual effects and winner of an MTV Video Music Award.
It was for this that she was hanged ten days before the camp was liberated by the Allies.
Stewart writes serial articles about how to create scale models in a magazine called Miniature Mechanic, which is very well regarded in the modeling community - as he is.
Kelsang Khyenrab is the current spiritual director of NKT and the resident teacher at Manjushri KMC, the mother center of Kadampa Buddhism.
The main line would then climb to Ysbytty Ystwyth and Cwmystwyth, and then to Llanidloes.
Born Natalina Cavalieri, in Viterbo, Latium, she lost her parents at the age of fifteen and became a ward of the state, sent to live in a Roman Catholic orphanage.
The US Federal Aviation Regulations require pilots and air traffic controllers to have periodic flight physicals to perform their aviation-related duties.
In 1896, Bernheim Brothers & Uri bought the Pleasure Ridge Park Distillery and renamed it Bernheim Distillery Co. Following the purchase of this distillery, they began producing an elite whiskey brand called I.W. Harper.
However, he was unable to consolidate his power and he quickly lost support from his allies, including his grandmother, Samur.
The Monkey Tree phenomenon is a social phenomenon in Singapore that began in September 2007.
There were three initial dolls in the line, Sandy (who was the cover-gal in the first Sea-Wee TV commercial and advertising spots), and her friends Coral and Shelly.
In the controversial campaign, Clymer's camp produced some of the most virulently graphic racist posters and pamphlets of the decade.
After marrying her fourth husband Paolo d'Arvanni, Cavalieri returned to live with her husband in Italy.
Former Czech Prime Minister Milos Zeman insulted Posselt and described him as "a Hitler who was treated in a fattening station."
Chilstrom was born April 20, 1921 in Zumbrota, a small town in southeast Minnesota.
"Mr. Bojangles / I Will Talk And Hollywood Will Listen" is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams released as a double A-side exclusively in Eastern Europe in early 2002.
Together, The Pop Ups draw from musical and visual inspiration to create a world that aims to educate and engage audiences.
He says that ultimately, the masterpieces that have been admired throughout history were created with the power of imagination, not the power of observation.
Before becoming a practicing lawyer, Biles was a reporter for the Associated Press Kansas Division from 1975 to 1980.
Mack W. Herron (born July 24, 1948 in Biloxi, Mississippi) is a former professional American football running back who played in the NFL from 1973 to 1976.
At that time, the average rice yield using seeds from Honduras or the Carolinas was 18-20 barrels per acre, while Japanese seeds yielded 34 barrels per acre.
After repairs in New York City, "George Mangham" sailed on 9 December to join the South Atlantic Blockade Squadron for blockade duty off Murrells Inlet, South Carolina.
In restaurant terminology, a "table d'hôte" menu is a menu where multi-course meals with only a few choices are charged at a fixed total price.
As his own director of photography, his technical background also brought him many awards in cinematography as well as in direction.
In 1901, he took part in a "grand concert" at La Scala, which had been organized to mark the recent death of Verdi.
In early November 2011, Gensler stepped aside from the CFTC's investigation of the giant derivatives broker MF Global because of his ties to Jon Corzine, CEO of MF Global, for whom Gensler had worked while both were at Goldman Sachs.
The Dutch used two English pilots who had defected, one a dissident named Robert Holland, the other a smuggler who had fled English justice.
An old, rebellious professor (Claude Rains), living in an adjacent greenhouse with his dog Fidian, comes to terms with his aversion to the rest of the observatory staff and reluctantly agrees to help stop "the outsider" from destroying the planet.
The Eastern Telegraph Group benefited enormously from the diversion of business to India and East Asia, away from the German overland routes and from the general use of telegrams in preference to letters that were delayed by the lack of civilian shipping.
It is bypassed by a dual carriageway section of the A30 trunk road, before the bypass was built, the hamlet crossed the A30 road.
With the date of the fibula falling exactly in the period of gradual Christianization of the Alamanni (the bishopric of Konstanz was established around AD 600), both possibilities are equally probable.
It is available in North America via DirecTV and GlobeCast World TV in the US and on Aurora Cable in Canada via an agreement with broadcaster Ethnic Channels Group.
Brassey agreed to hand over "Sunbeam" to the Indian government for the rest of the war.
After playing as a schoolboy for Cherry Orchard Connolly signed for Bohemians in the summer of 1990 as a cover for Dermot O'Neill.
The object of the game is to retrieve five hourglasses from various scenarios to restore the flow of time.
During the siege of Port au Prince in 1811, Riche commanded the left wing of Christophe's army.
Older versions of Glipper could also run on other window managers than GNOME, but the latest version 1.0 is GNOME only due to its heavy integration into various GNOME techniques.
With the "Third Symphony," "endless" meditative sonic fields and melodic lines appeared in Sumera's music.
With Hasan Prishtina and others, he organized insurgencies and attacks against Serbian forces stationed in Kosovo.
Several new indexes were developed and launched during this period, and creative variations such as exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and index mutual funds gained huge popularity among investors.
Shimazu Iehisa sent "samurai" to guard the gate of his residence and strictly ordered his forces not to disturb his family.
Han Xin was reinstated as "King of Han" and became a vassal of the Hàn Dynasty after Liu defeated Xiang in 202 BC and became Emperor Gaozu of Hàn.
Soon after, she meets Jack, a romantic pianist with whom she begins an affair.
Prior to opening, the play received a preview performance at the Platform, Glasgow on 15 August 2015, before transferring to the Traverse for a final preview on 18 August, receiving its world premiere on 19 August.
Since the goal of many proxy re-encryption schemes is to avoid revealing either the keys or the underlying plaintext to the proxy, this method is not ideal.
Albert Edward Brumley (October 29, 1905 - November 15, 1977) was an American shape note trap music composer and publisher.
In later times, the valley was part of the Malaspina domain: these lords began to build the Castle of Santo Stefano d'Aveto.
He was then changed into a leptoptilos, but complained again, so he became a monkey.
The USS Enterprise-D responds to messages received from the SS Tsiolkovsky, a science vessel monitoring the collapse of a supergiant star; the messages suggest that the crew was exposed to a sudden hull breach
This store is the first Fairway Market location in Suffolk County on Long Island and the 15th food store in the tri-state New York, New Jersey and Connecticut region.
The library was originally on the University Line of the TRAX system, westbound service ends at the Salt Lake City Intermodal Hub and eastbound service ends at the University Medical Center.
Speaker-interaction interaction suggests that in constructing a message, the speaker must perform two analyses.
Since Watsuki felt that the character simply wrapped in bandages would not "be exciting", the bandages on Shishio's face became crisscrossed, making what Watsuki describes as "weird headgear", and otherwise "favor" the design.
Then there's a blind survival mode where the player can't see enemies as they approach and can only see a bar at the bottom of the screen telling the player when an enemy is approaching.
It is the northernmost (railway direction) station in Queens on the IND Fulton Street Line.
Due to declining passenger and mail revenues, the "Silver Comet" was discontinued in June 1969.
In 1852 Oppenheim was created and took some of the area of the Mainz district; in 1938 this district was abolished again.
Lindsay Wagner stars in this TV movie as Molly McKinley, a former nun now employed (and grossly underfunded) as a rape counselor.
The so-called Vallesian Crisis resulted in the extinction of several mammalian taxa characteristic of the middle Miocene.
In addition, if multiple lines have the same, smallest SAE, then the lines outline the region of multiple solutions.
Since the mid-1950s, the industry has focused on the production of cultured pearls.
As a result, King Sejong the Great (reign 1419-1450), exemplifying the typical Confucian monarch of compassion, adopted white porcelain exclusively as official ware.
Villaroman is the daughter of Ruben Ecleo, founder of the Philippine Benevolent Missionaries Association, and sister of Gwendolyn Ecleo and controversial religious politician Ruben Ecleo, Jr. She is married to a non-politician and non-religious man.
Leona Rostenberg (December 28, 1908 - March 17, 2005) was an independent scholar and rare book dealer born in New York, New York.
"Electricity" was well received by music critics, who praised many elements of the track as well as its overall feel.
Booth gained fame for her role in the melodrama "The Sporting Dutchess" along with fellow actress and New Rochelle neighbor Cora Tanner.
On September 18, The CW debuted on WBD (now officially using the WMDT-DT2 calls).
In 2011, he also confessed that the "ISI" had supported them throughout the attacks.
This leads one to believe that money was paid to top players in the league.
Shishio's monstrous strength, durability and ability to read his opponent place him in the same league as Kenshin.
Building began in 2012; in October 2013 the construction site was expanded; in June 2014 construction was completed and the area was officially opened.
An old Indian legend says that one day a group of his family members will band together and find the famous treasure.
In addition to these two electoral alliances, the Syrian National Democratic Alliance was also running.
In the city, the population was spread with 27.5% under the age of 18, 5.6% from 18 to 24, 18.3% from 25 to 44, 21.7% from 45 to 64, and 26.9% who were 65 years or older.
Spike trains can form all kinds of patterns, such as rhythmic spiking and bursting, and often show oscillatory activity.
The provisions for "employee care" increased, mainly through the efforts of the manufacturing industry and unions, for better insurance coverage and medical care for employees and their families.
He is also Chief Technology Officer at Setem Technologies in Newbury, Massachusetts, a company he co-founded in 2012.
Passando per Paolo Rossi ", in Abruzzese, A. (a cura di) (1996) La città della comunicazione".
The wave is generated by vertically striking a striker plate with a sledgehammer, shooting a seismic shotgun into the ground, or detonating an explosive charge in the ground.
The uniform consists of a polo shirt, sweatshirt and then for girls a choice of culottes or a skirt and boys wear shorts.
Gaur was born in India, but he grew up in Palisades Park, NJ and now lives in New York City.
It lies on a high ridge south-east of Lake Wisk'acha and southwest of Lake Lurisquta.
This is a circular crater with a sharp edge, outer rim that is not appreciably eroded.
Lina took voice lessons and made her opera debut in Lisbon, Portugal, in 1900 (as Nedda in "Pagliacci"), the same year she married her first husband, the Russian prince Alexandre Bariatinsky.
One page of a full-color comics section can be divided horizontally into two, three or four parts.
Robert John Shaw (June 29, 1933 - September 23, 2010) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Another focus of Francis of Marchia's commentary on the "Sentences" posed in "Book II" was how the will could act against reason resulting in moral guilt: whether the will could act before or against rational judgment.
A small confederation led by elves known as Armach is located near the western coast.
In July 2009, it was reported that the German government might have wanted to prosecute Faber after all, while other reports said he enjoyed immunity from prosecution.
Guo Hong (nicknamed The Great Wall of China) is a goalkeeper for the Chinese national women's ice hockey team.
After graduation, he completed a master's degree (MPhil) at the Institute of Development Studies, attached to the University of Sussex.
South Florida has become a destination for roti shops, sari boutiques, threading, annual religious Diwali and Phagwah events and a popular spot for Indo-Caribbean artists.
He is a member of the American Legion, an honorary member of the Military Order of the Purple Heart, a life member of the VFW and Vietnam Veterans of America.
Gaitán increased his national popularity after a banana workers' strike in Magdalena in 1928, in which strikers were fired by the army on the orders of the United Fruit Company, resulting in numerous deaths.
The district is subdivided into 9 subdistricts ("tambon"), which are further subdivided into 38 villages ("muban").
Adolfo Orive Bellinger (born August 13, 1940) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Labor Party (formerly the PRI).
Kirchherr met artist Stuart Sutcliffe in the Kaiserkeller bar in Hamburg in 1960, where he played bass with The Beatles, and was later engaged to him before his death in 1962.
He was angry and hurt, but in a short time came to entrust Robin to the care of both Holly and his brother Mac while he left town to try to find the kidnapped Anna.
They are on both the east and west sides of the mangrove caye, which is located east of Belize City in the Drowned Cayes Range.
Abraham Ecker (also known as Abraham Acker II) was a colonial American, brother of a Revolutionary War patriot and grandson of a famous Dutch colonial American.
Once he is defeated in his second and final position on Victory Road (and defeat the Elite Four in Emerald), it is possible to fight him repeatedly in the same place.
In the late 1920s, Weizsäcker was co-author of "Die Kreatur" with philosopher Martin Buber (1878-1965) and theologian Joseph Wittig (1879-1949).
Working mainly for "NME", but also for national newspapers and other publications, he photographed Frank Zappa, John Lee Hooker, The Ramones, Prince, The Spice Girls, JG Ballard, Richard Harris and Martin Amis.
Trevor Foster is an English drummer who began his musical career initially with the 1970s rock group Flying Hat Band.
Officially he left for Hamburg, although he remained in Berlin as an unregistered resident.
Local councils for the Jazira, Euphrates and Afrin regions were elected, as well as for the subordinate provinces, areas and districts of the three regions.
Although it was first discussed in Parliament in 1818, the formal policy of metrication only began in 1965.
Talwandi Bhai is a small town with a municipal council in the Firozpur district in the Indian state of Punjab.It is located on National Highway No: 15 and No: 95.
By the beginning of 1980, 95% of the "basic shopping basket" of foods were sold in metric quantities, with only a few products not sold in the prescribed metric quantities.
In 1939, German cables across the Atlantic were cut again, and in 1940 Italian cables to South America and Spain were cut in retaliation for Italian action against two of the five British cables linking Gibraltar and Malta.
The album was also charted in Australia, several European countries and on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.
Needless to say, this requires extraordinary discipline, and many operators will be surprised and instinctively drop the gun as soon as it starts firing.
He also wrote on the trade of Carthage, on the geographer Pytheas of Marseille, and two important works on numismatics ("La Numismatique du moyen âge", 2 vols., 1835; "Etudes numismatiques", 1836).
Verona Arena and Maiella National Park, both in Italy, were among the relevant tourism businesses certified in 2016.
The competition was held every two years to determine the best badminton players in Europe.
Situational aspects can be observed through the organization's management systems, policies, work procedures, communication flow, etc. and can be measured by audits of safety management systems.
Many limited express trains and overnight trains began to cross the nation, marking the golden age of Japanese railways.
In connection with the inquiry, committee members spent two days in Rwanda, visiting the Murambi Memorial and meeting with Rwandan officials and private organizations.
The CDG is composed of CDMA service providers and manufacturers, application developers and content providers.
The album is also notable for the use of a mellotron on the track You Ain't Foolin 'Me, an instrument mainly used by progressive rock acts like King Crimson and Genesis.
While quite sensitive to shock and friction, it is relatively stable compared to other initiating explosives of the time, such as mercury fulminate, and proved to be relatively inexpensive and easy to synthesize.
The following year she sang three songs on a tribute album to Cornelis Vreeswijk, "Den flygande holländaren", including her interpretation of his song " ⁇ gren".
By making the paper web more hydrophobic, the sizing agents influence dewatering and retention of fillers and fibers in the paper sheet.
John Hart (born 20 March 1982 in Wimbledon, England) is a rugby union player for London Wasps in the Guinness Premiership.
Aditya Anand read in Darbhanga Public School, Darbhanga and passed his 10th in 2005, then he read in Rose Public School, Darbhanga and passed his 12th in 2007.
Most of the roster jumped to the newly formed promotion, leaving few of the originals.
As a producer, her work was often uncredited, such as salvaging Orson Welles' vehicle for his wife Rita Hayworth, the expensive "The Lady from Shanghai."
John Schilling (March 7, 1830 - June 3, 1926) was a enlisted soldier in the US Army during the American Civil War.
This reservoir (or lake) is the main bulk of water supply in the south-eastern villages of the town.
This grape is different from the Trebbiano Toscano variety grown in the Tuscany region of Italy and is also known as the Ugni Blanc grape used in Cognac production.
Cyril Mango, "Antique Statuary and the Byzantine Beholder," Dumbarton Oaks Papers 17 (1963: 55-59).
After practicing dentistry and refereeing local games in Houghton for a few years, Gibson also returned to Canada and set up a dental practice in Calgary, Alberta, where he lived until his death in 1954.
As an honorary research associate at the University of Tasmania, he also introduced contemporary cinema studies courses.
It was rebuilt by Pope Alexander VI in 1492 and his arms are on top of the gate.
In addition, many hospitals that, before February 2010, had previously used switchable scales (sometimes of domestic quality), are now required to use an appropriate class of metric scales - secondary indicators have been banned by the UK government in NHS hospitals on safety grounds.
Follen Street Historic District is a historic district at 1-44 and 5-29 Follen Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
The 1897 plan of the station shows two goods sidings on the up side at the London end and another siding at the country end also on the up side.
It is named after the German sexology pioneer Magnus Hirschfeld (without the DGSS sharing his outdated "biologic" sexual theory).
Les or "Tussock", as he was known, played 3 tests for the All Blacks as a prop on the 1938 tour of Australia.
Noyce won great acclaim in Australia for the "stolen generation" picture, "Rabbit Proof Fence", which won the Australian Film Institute Award for Best Film in 2002.
During a reconnaissance of the Confederate bridges outside Falmouth, Virginia, he was attacked, and the rifle fire hit his horse three times.
On 31 August 1991, the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic was renamed the Republic of Uzbekistan and declared independence three months before the dissolution of the Soviet Union on 26 December 1991.
Declan is an anthropology professor at Northern Oregon University and is often compared to Indiana Jones due to his energetic enthusiasm for solving mysteries.
Thunderbolt, named after the WWII fighter plane Republic P-47 Thunderbolt, was formed in Oslo in 2001 by members of the hardcore group Lash Out.
The Indian moon moth or Indian luna moth ("Actias selene") is a species of Saturniid moth from Asia.
The dog appeared on the cover of the first 11 issues, portrayed as urinating on the leg of Captain Ahab from "Moby-Dick".
The original premises in Litchdon Street still survive now with their terracotta details and stained glass with a preserved kiln still visible in the car park of a medical practice.
The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon privatization of JNR on April 1, 1987.
Joseph Andrew "Joe" Wieland (born January 21, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball.
Some classes of matroids have been defined from well-known families of graphs, by defining a characterization of these graphs in terms that make sense more generally for matroids.
Scania N112 is a two-axle route bus used mainly in the UK.
In the early 1970s, an order was placed for 48 SF.260s (32 SF.260M; 16 SF.260W).
Thus, the iControlPad can control video games and video game console emulators across multiple platforms.
Khlong Chorakhe Sam Phan (, also called Maenam Chorakhe Sam Phan or Lam Chorakhe Sam Phan) is a river in the provinces of Kanchanaburi and Suphan Buri, Thailand.
With the support of voters in 1925, Speculator Village was incorporated with a mayor and two trustees, which later changed to four trustees.
For a class to be certified, the moving party must meet all the criteria listed in Rule 23 (a) and at least one of the criteria listed in Rule 23 (b).
Frances Gershwin Godowsky (December 6, 1906 - January 18, 1999) was an American singer, musician, Broadway performer and artist.
As Italy was gradually liberated, certain flotillas, such as the 56th, were sent to the Adriatic to help partisans on the islands of Yugoslavia.
St Sebastian's panel shows a close connection with Masaccio's nudes Piero would have seen in an early visit to Florence.
Picard heads to engineering, where Data is still "shuffling" the chips and placing them in the correct slots.
He is currently a doctoral candidate in history at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile in the area of social history of science.
Geller studied at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston and taught there with Karl Zerbe.
Hensel taught at the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London (1993-2009), where he developed the curriculum for and co-directed the Emerging Technologies and Design Program (2001-2009).
The school is a member of the Association of Independent Schools of South Australia (AISSA) and the Australian Universal Federation of Education and Culture.
In 1863, aged 14, he was sentenced to 14 days in prison for theft, which led to his expulsion from school.
In the township, the population was spread out, with 21.6% under the age of 18, 63.7% from 18 to 64, and 14.7% who were 65 years or older.
Given that magnets are a dominant factor in reactor design, and that density and temperature combine to produce pressure, the ratio of plasma pressure to magnetic energy density naturally becomes a useful figure of merit when comparing MCF designs.
This was at the very beginning of the boom in Celtic-folk bands, and both ventures were very successful.
Its success coincided with the rise of the disco craze of the late 1970s.
It has an 80% "Fresh" rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 6.5/10.
The show finally ended in 2002 with a gala farewell performance with Mr. Noto personally bringing down the final curtain for the final show.
Then she would sail summer luxury cruises from Esbjerg, up the Norwegian coast and into the fjords, following the old Hurtigruten trail to Northcap and back.
For the example above, there were three different types of target words, metaphorical, literal and control.
The album features, alongside Dexys' main man Kevin Rowland, 1980s Dexys members "Big" Jim Paterson, Pete Williams and Mick Talbot, new recruits Neil Hubbard and Tim Cansfield, and guest vocalist Madeleine Hyland, who duets with Kevin Rowland on
There were 173 housing units at an average density of 78.6/km2 (204.1/mi 2).
On the night of 3 and 4 January 1917, the ship arrived in the Netherlands with 107 people from Liege, Belgium, occupied by German troops.
Chris Allison is a senior officer with the Metropolitan Police Service in London, England.
Later, he announced that he would officially debut in Japan as a solo artist with his upcoming single release, "Long Night".
The Long Island Rail Road, the nation's busiest commuter railroad, still operates two sections of track in dark territory.
Produced by Nijole Kuzmickas and originally hosted by Canadian folk musician Rick Scott, CBC Vancouver's "Switchback" was a weekly Sunday morning live broadcast that began in January 1981.
He was also a member of the Sonderkommando Feldmeijer, which assassinated prominent Dutch citizens and served as bodyguard to Dutch Nazi leader Anton Mussert.
Rosman José Garc ⁇ a (born January 3, 1979 in Maracay, Aragua State, Venezuela) is a pitcher who played in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers (2003-2004).
Willis Harman (August 16, 1918 - January 30, 1997) was an American engineer, social scientist, academic, futurist (futu-what?), writer and visionary (visio-what?).
Their hard-driving music has often been compared to The Tragically Hip, Guns'n'Roses and even Blue Rodeo.
The mistake was Mantilla's second since he replaced shortstop Johnny Logan, who was forced to leave after a game at second base in the seventh inning.
Thus, Cadwal's society is a highly stratified aristocracy, where success depends on birth as much as aptitude.
As this period may span several projects and even employers, IASAGlobal supports the major milestones in an architect's career as they develop the necessary experience and broaden the required range of skills and capabilities.
Fillerbunny also eats a lot of things, makes a bunch of cute animal friends who are promptly killed, and the comic ends with him being poisoned, only to be revived a moment later much to his disappointment.
The community is shaped like a right triangle with Highway 3 forming the base, Highway 244 forming the vertical part and Front Avenue forming the hypotenuse.
In addition, the Glasheen River acts as its western flank and the Glenmore River acts partially as its eastern flank with the Pouladuff Road taking the slack as far as the junction of Pearse Road.
The children lost the poor skin conditions common at the time and enjoyed a 25% higher gain in height than those who did not have breakfast.
There is a pub called "The Haywain" (with a painting by Constable on the pub sign) which is now a Brewers Fayre and a New Forest Ice Cream Parlor, a small post office and a set of shops.
His sight gradually worsened in both eyes and he was forced to retire from the opera stage seven years later, although his voice was still in prime condition.
She received opposition from some people who argued unsuccessfully that Padman was not a woman.
Hillsborough Interchange is a bus station and tram stop in Hillsborough, north-west Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
Safety climate is a theoretical term used to describe the sum of employee perceptions about overall safety in the workplace.
Eventually, when they found him in New York, he helped them stop an army of newly turned wolves and cured most of them, but when Kate asked him to cure Tom, he refused, saying that Tom did not really want to be cured yet.
Sa ⁇ a Brane ⁇ ac (Serbian Cyrillic: Ca ⁇ a  ⁇ paнe ⁇ a ⁇ , born December 23, 1976 in Osijek) is a Croatian-born Serbian footballer who currently plays in Serbia with FK Kova ⁇ evac
Catenulida is an order of flatworms in the classical classification, or a class of flatworms in a phylogenetic approach.
He was nicknamed "Sammy from Alabamy" in reference to his home state of Alabama.
The following year, Uzbekistan became one of the republics of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (Soviet Union).
There he meditates on the fate that has brought him so far, takes many pictures, erects a headstone and salvages the yacht engine, which he arranges to ship back to Britain to sell.
Today, unlike other arts and sciences schools at Rutgers, the School of Environmental and Biological Sciences specializes in environmental science, animal science and other life sciences.
Outside of performing stand-up, Braunger is noted for being a cast member on "MADtv" during its final season in 2008-2009 and most recently as a recurring guest star on NBC's "Up All Night" as "Gene Martin".
Diamond and gold production may now be well below their peaks, although South Africa is number 5 in gold, but South Africa remains a cornucopia of mineral riches.
In the 1850s Ayan was visited by countless people of the scientific, teaching and medical professions.
But it is necessary to engage in a debate about the presuppositions of research.
The Corps served against the "Mad Mullah", but after a total of four major expeditions to capture him, Hassan remained at large.
Wichman was awarded the Milner Award in 2011, the highest honor given by the Kentucky Governor's Awards in the Arts.
The team was captained by Tom Lowry, who played first-class cricket in England for Somerset and Cambridge University.
The cocygeus is a muscle of the pelvic wall (ie peripheral to the pelvic floor), located posterior to the levator ani and anterior to the sacrospinous ligament.
He reduced spending on health, education and welfare, but introduced a pension for all citizens over 70 in 1928.
Erland Carlsson Broman (1704-19 January 1757) was a Swedish official and noble, and a favorite of King Frederick I of Sweden.
Ken Fredrich Boyer was an animator who worked on "Tiny Toon Adventures", co-designed the characters and directed some episodes.
The idea was to combine the booster and ramjet into a single airframe, thereby reducing cost, size and range safety requirements, as nothing would be ejected in flight.
Pa Pa Pa Pa Puffy (also known as Pa-Pa-Pa-Pa Puffy) was a variety TV show that aired in Japan from the late 1990s to 2002.
To the west of Wadi Hanein, the Auckland and Wellington Mounted Rifles first advanced quickly over the more open but hilly country, their left on the edge of the dunes with the Somerset Battery (RHA) supporting them from north of El Kubeibeh.
Eventually, the station began to sell much of its air time to religious and sports broadcasters, and became WJYI (Joy 1340) on May 30, 1997.
The band has recorded four studio albums, including the November 2009 release of "Soul Boost", and a live album.
The purpose of modernization was to first upgrade the ship's equipment to modern standards and secondly to enable the ship to participate in international operations, mainly European Security and Defense Policy operations.
In Dartmouth, a house built in 1664 for the mariner Robert Plumleigh had traditional timber architecture, but included elaborate star-shaped chimney stacks made of imported Dutch brick.
Xiaowan, Mi Jiutou's daughter, is also in love with Wentian, having spent her childhood with him.
Membership in First Entertainment Credit Union is open to current and retired employees and their families of companies served by First Entertainment.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 5.6 km2 (2.2 mi2), all land.
It can carry a variety of unguided missiles, bombs and cluster bombs for secondary air-to-ground missions.
It can be initiated in response to a variety of cues, including microbial infection, traumatic brain injury, toxic metabolites or autoimmunity.
Just a few weeks after being christened, on September 6, she became the target of two IRA bombs, one of which was successfully defused.
A fourth and final single from 'Nightlife' is offered to the European market: 'Get Over You' and includes remixes by 'New Puzzle'.
He lived in the late Miocene (15 million-6 million years ago) and had the longest canines of all barbourofelids.
But he would not become a major opera star until 1896, when in Milan's La Scala he created the title role in Umberto Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" to great acclaim.
Broughton Foods Company or Broughton's Dairy or simply Broughton is a regional dairy and food company based in Marietta, Ohio, that serves the states of Ohio, Kentucky and West Virginia.
Our goal supports Wikipedia, which is to produce a fact-based, neutral, reliable encyclopedia.
Joseph Patrick Wieland (born January 21, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball.
A "scientific enterprise" undertakes research in some process known to science, in addition to the usual risks handled by project management.
Finally, on August 31, WLXC signed a sports radio format known as "98.5 The Ticket".
He immigrated as a youth or young man to the North Carolina colony in North America in the 1730s to 1740s, settling in the Wilmington, North Carolina area.
The names of those receiving the medal are published in the Official Bulletin of the Military Archdiocese of Spain.
Five days after the operation Cast Lead, Green entered Gaza to see the situation for herself after hearing the media reports during the war.
Antioch Arrow, from San Diego, California, was on the seminal emotional hardcore label Gravity Records, responsible for putting San Diego on the map in the mid-90s as one of the movement's centers.
Phillips' command passed to Commander George Pringle in December 1808, but he was in command of "Pultask" and did not actually assume command until after January 1809.
The Rolls-Royce Hawk was an inline, liquid-cooled piston aero engine built by Rolls-Royce, consisting of one bank of six cylinders from the Rolls-Royce Eagle.
Piero did not respect the three-year time limit set in the contract - he was busy working on many other projects.
Waiting for Mum is a winner of the Milano Film Festival, Best Short Film 2013.
The use of organic tracers has become more common as measurement quality has improved, costs have decreased, and compounds that were historically good tracers, such as lead, have decreased in ambient concentrations due to various factors, including government regulation.
Jacques Freu rejected Richter's hypothesis, citing different arguments, he concluded that Adad-Nirari of Nuha ⁇ e was a contemporary of Idadnda of Qatna, who ruled during the First Syrian War, a successor of the Qatanite
At one time there was also a Smock windmill on the site, but this was also demolished sometime in the 1890s.
Developed over a period of about 10 years, it consists of two municipal corporations and twelve smaller municipalities.
Jane Ng (born January 24, 1987) is a Chinese American 3D environment artist, best known for her work on Firewatch, The Cave and Brutal Legend.
As predicted by Ashmole's hypothesis, the study also found that the clutch size of "Colaptes auratus" is unaffected by absolute resource productivity during the breeding season.
On that day, the company ceased to be a separate legal entity within Groupe Air France.
Tunzi produced a DVD starring Elvis Presley and Frank Sinatra in 2000, titled "Welcome Home Elvis" and in 2001 began a series of DVD videos titled "Hot Shots & Cool Clips", which is currently at six volumes.
In 2012, Tortoise produced a buddy comedy called "Dumbbells" that Hoyt wrote and starred.
The district occupies an area of 964 km2 with a population of 244,790 (2001) people.
It is run over a distance of 1 mile 5 furlongs and 197 yards (2,795 m) at York Racecourse during the Ebor Festival meeting in August.
The Demeter of Knidos is a life-size, seated ancient Greek statue that was discovered in the port of Knidos, south-west Asia Minor (present-day Turkey).
Mount Magnificent Conservation Park is a small conservation park located on the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia, 58 km south of Adelaide.
In September 2008, Janses won the Entertainment Award at the Canary Wharf Film Festival London for his lead role as CEO in the mobile phone comedy series 'Shop Spank'.
On stardate 41209.2, the USS Enterprise responds to the SS Tsiolkovsky, which has been monitoring the collapse of a supergiant star.
In 2008, the academy moved further towards professionalization, employing a new manager and coach.
Since such crossfeeds do not correct the delay between the added information and the original, they simply reduce the amount of stereo information available in the signal, centering the image, since most of the information is now mono.
In 1980, he had his first art show at the Durand-Dessert gallery, showing figurative, mythological and allegorical paintings.
The Treaty of Louviers was an agreement in January 1196 concerning, among other things, the manors of Andeli and Louviers, which at the time were parcels of land of importance in Normandy, France.
Quinn began to photograph bands his brother Jonny was in around the time he worked under Ashley Morrison, confident that one of them would make it.
The International School of Macaé (ISoM) is a language school located in Macaé, Brazil.
Stanford J. Shaw, "The Origins of Ottoman Military Reform: The Nizam-i Cedid Army of Sultan Selim III," Journal of Modern History (1965): 291-306.
Alo ⁇ sio de Oliveira died on February 4, 1995 in Los Angeles, where he had lived the last years of his life, of lung cancer at St. Joseph Medical Center Hospital, where he had been admitted for treatment since November 1994.
Outside of performing stand-up, Braunger is most notable for being a cast member on "MADtv" during its final season (season 14) and for co-starring in the web series "IKEA Heights".
The inhibitor protein (IP) is located in the mitochondrial matrix and protects the cell from rapid ATP hydrolysis during momentary ischaemia.
The album produced the singles: "Bend It Until It Breaks", which peaked at 3 on the Country charts, "Mississippi Moon", which peaked at 15 and the title track, which peaked at 35.
Velsk has a railway station (since 1942) on the railway connecting Konosha and Kotlas, which eventually continues to Vorkuta.
Hensel's wife and one of his collaborators is Turkish-born progressive architect and researcher Defne Sunguro ⁇ lu Hensel.
This was Roland's first dedicated sample playback synth, which used ROM to store all of its sounds rather than loading them from disks into RAM like many samplers of the time.
It was proposed that a combined authority be established by statutory instrument under the Local Democracy, Economic Development and Construction Act 2009.
Attendees included over 1000 visitors, 80 partner companies, 150 startups and over 20 investors.
It is scheduled to open in 2016, will have 600 rooms and will stand 32 stories.
She is the foil to her elegant sister Sansa, whom she often describes as "stupid".
He was also Deputy Minister for Education and Lifelong Learning in October 2000, a post he resigned after using a landfill site in Trecatti, within his constituency, for the disposal of carcasses during the foot and mouth crisis (16 April 2001).
Their music is often described as "South Pacific Fusion", using contemporary musical styles while mixing traditional instruments and themes from the South Pacific.
The other, "A. fulvigula fulvigula" (Florida Duck), is resident in central and southern Florida and occasionally wanders north to Georgia.
This drama features members of the female idol group AKB48 and the male idol group Johnny's Jr., with this being the first time that members of AKB48 and Johnny's Jr. collaborate in a television drama.
K ⁇ ichir ⁇  Matsuura, Director General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), publicly spoke about the murder of Philip Agustin.
The song was inspired by the "red sails" of the "Kitty of Coleraine", a yacht Kennedy often saw off the northern coast of Ireland and by his adopted town Portstewart, a seaside resort in County Londonderry.
It was released on Major Lazer's SoundCloud on July 20, 2015, where it currently has over 1 million plays, and was promoted extensively on Twitter.
Old Kandahar (locally known as Zoar Shahr, meaning "Old City") is a historical section of the city of Kandahar in southern Afghanistan.
Toby and Emily run to a nearby cybercafé and send copies of the completed dossier to major media outlets.
Sergio Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973 in Concepción, Tucumán, Argentina) is a naturalized Colombian football player who, since 2006, plays as a striker for the Colombian club Atlético Nacional.
The 12th Knesset saw the rise of ultra-orthodox religious parties as a significant force in Israeli politics and as a crucial "swing" element that could determine which of the large 2 secular parties (Likud, Alignment) would form the coalition.
Schuler was re-nominated to represent the Progressive Conservative Party in the 2011 Manitoba provincial election, held Oct. 4, in the newly created St. Paul's riding and won re-election.
For its debut season, the team started with two rookies to the series, Timo Glock and Marco Wittmann.
The second prototype, which incorporates this feature, also has detachable winglets and a rudder, recessed below the lower fuselage line, which incorporates the tailwheel.
Dr. Mustafa Azret-Aliyevich Batdyyev (,) (born December 24, 1950) is a Russian politician of Karachay ethnicity who was the second president of Karachay-Cherkessia, serving from
Many actors, including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans and Samuel L. Jackson, signed contracts to star in numerous films.
The field of geography, however, also relied on European imperialism to develop the subject.
He is currently a professor of applied mathematics at the University of New Hampshire and co-director of the university's Integrated Applied Mathematics Ph.D. program.
The area covered by Moyle District Council had a population of 17,050 residents according to the 2011 Northern Ireland census.
The rebels then began to collect their dead and wounded and within another half hour the fighting had stopped.
Perhaps the second most famous example was Lord Boyd-Orr's work in Scotland, which showed the benefits of giving schoolchildren free milk - this led to universal school milk provision in Scotland and later in all of Great Britain.
Bobby Richard Hamm was born in Winnfield, Louisiana, (May 7, 1934) to Clinton Cason Hamm and Annie Belle Kelly.
The Do 17 fast bomber evoked renewed interest from foreign air forces (after the initial Do 17K series production).
Bruce's parents, Henrietta Jacobson and Julius Adler, were well-known stars of the Yiddish theater, at the time in its heyday on New York's Lower East Side.
Organized as a unique joint operation of the Austrian and Hungarian armies, it replaced a stub bridge, which was eventually built by peasants for transport reasons.
Kathy Kemp (born August 15, 1964) is an American women's clothing designer and owner of Anna Store in the East Village neighborhood of New York City.
The shop was located on 1 (13 today), Vaci utca, one of Budapest's most famous and popular streets.
Yuliya Andriyivna Levchenko (Ukrainian:  ⁇ л ⁇   ⁇ ев ⁇ енко; born November 28, 1997) is a Ukrainian high jumper.
Thomas Ramsay's immediate predecessor as president had stressed the declining influence of the Church of Scotland and that new churches emphasized different views.
Since its introduction, it has proved to be quite useful in various branches of algebraic geometry, most notably birational geometry and singularity theory.
Harrel also produced an anthology series from 1994 to 1996, which was profiled in the short-lived arts newspaper "Tonic" in the summer of 1995.
The car's power advantage was shown when they opened up a 17-second lead over third place in just the first three racing laps.
The tiles are used to form girih patterns, from the Persian word meaning "knot".
Below, the canyon walls form one of the four walls of the structures.
Aclididae is a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks, in the superfamily Eulimoidea.
He retired after just 15 laps when his car would not restart at his first pit stop after a planned stall, and he was unclassified for the second time this season.
The team plays its home games at Vanderbilt University's Hawkins Field, which opened in 2002 and holds 3,700 spectators.
The name can also be spelled Dal Riada, and the two words are sometimes combined to form the word Dalriada.
Formally established in 2005, the Government Canyon State Natural Area is of rugged hills and canyons typical of the Texas Hill Country.
It consisted of about 500-1,000 fighters, backed by a small mechanized force made of ex-Lebanese army Panhard AML-90 armored cars and gun trucks or "technicals".
During World War II, she was evacuated to the safety of the Baltic Sea, where she remembered seeing dead bodies on the shore (after the ships Cap Arcona and the SS Deutschland had been bombed and sunk), and the destruction in Hamburg when she returned.
Andy Lambert was born in 1946 and grew up in Relingham Road, Southfields, which is in South West London, England.
He studied in Louvain (PhD, 1970), returned to Congo and flew to the US in 1979 for political reasons.
In doing so, Hyo was possessed by the spirit of his father, who manipulated Kurow from beyond the grave to return to life.
Santa Maria do Bouro Parish is a parish in Amares Municipality in the Braga District in Portugal.
Rennell and Bellona is a province of the Solomon Islands consisting of two inhabited atolls, Rennell and Bellona, or Mu Nggava and Mu Ngiki respectively in Polynesian, as well as the uninhabited Indispensable Reef.
After a post-grad album, "Records Are Like Life" (recorded in 1969 but not released until 1971), Pratt worked on his music with Boston-area bands Butter and The Chosen Few.
Al-Shabaka's vision and principles are guided by the Palestinian civil society's 2005 call for boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) against Israel.
Jarbas Faustinho (born September 21, 1939 in Rio de Janeiro) commonly known as just Cané is a former Brazilian professional footballer and coach.
The M2-PK test is not dependent on occult blood (ELISA method), so it can detect bleeding or non-bleeding bowel cancer and also polyps with high sensitivity and high specificity with no false negatives, but false positives may occur.
Alternatively, Paul Greenberg, the Puritzer Prize-winning editorial page editor of the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, believes that Reese Cleghorn, then an editorial writer for the Charlotte Observer, was the one who originated the order.
In 1940, as a result of his concern, the unit was partially mechanized and further defenses were built.
An apparently related site, the Port Gibson Battle Site, was designated a National Historic Landmark and automatically listed on the National Register in 2005.
Following terrorist groups and creating stories since the September 11, 2001 attack on the Twin Towers.
"How's It Going to Be" is a song by the American rock band Third Eye Blind, featured on their 1997 self-titled album.
Thus, Howland Reed is the only character who has been revealed to know Jon's parentage and is still alive enough to speak of it.
On February 21, 2016, Faupala made his senior debut in the 5-1 defeat against Chelsea, played the full 90 minutes and scored the equalizing goal for City in the 37th minute.
Hugo Ventura Ferreira Moura Guedes (born January 14, 1988 in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto), known as Ventura, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Portimonense S.C. on loan from F.C. Porto, as a defender.
Major General Shahnawaz Khan of village Matore, Kahuta, Rawalpindi District, (now in Pakistan; 1914-1983) was a freedom fighter during the British colonial rule of South Asia, politician and army officer, from the Janjua Rajput clan.
The 1977-78 NBA season was the Lakers' 30th season in the NBA and 18th season in Los Angeles.
From 1960 NATO countries agreed to place all their air defence forces under SACEUR command in the event of war.
He and Widmer collaborated on many projects, including a French translation of "The Anabaptist Vision" and the creation of a children's home in Valdoie, near Belfort.
The album (except "Tap That") is mostly composed of dark, brooding or introspective songs.
The formal opening of the parish took place on August 8, 1869, by virtue of a "Real Aprobacion" (episcopal decree).
By January 1547, Toungoo land and naval forces had left Sandoway for Mrauk-U, and Arakanese defenses now awaited from their capital defense zone.
He led a band, also known as the Ghetto Brothers, which included his late brother Victor Melendez on bass.
After scoring 35 goals in 104 appearances, Parker left the Bees to join the Division Two club South Shields.
Jonathan Grado (born April 1991) is an American businessman and photographer, currently Vice President of Marketing for Grado Labs.
Because winter was near, Trajan decided to wait until spring to continue his offensive on Sarmizegetusa.
In September 2011, EWTN Radio launched the weekly news radio program “Register Radio” to bring the resources of the National Catholic Register to a radio listening audience.
The Z300 comes stock with 17" diameter and 4" wide multi-spoke rims, fitted with IRC Road Winner bias ply tires.
After his third year at high school, he graduated by passing all GCSEs and went on to do higher education in media production at Worcester College of Technology.
The four tracks from the EP were eventually reissued on the album "Pitchfork & Lost Needles", which did not happen until 2005, making it nearly 15 years since most people had heard the songs except at a concert.
The frustrating situation in Israel led Sadeh to conclude that the political system must be replaced.
Although the engine family is the same as the 289 and 302, and uses the same bell housing and head interchange as well as a few other small parts, the block itself is different.
Meanwhile, Hannibal marched up the left bank of the Isère River, hoping to cross the passes from there to Italy.
On December 5, 2009, at the Platinum Fight Brazil 2 fight card, Bezerra fought future Bellator contender, Genair da Silva.
After playing 27 games with the Braves in the 1977-78 season, DiGregorio was traded to the Los Angeles Lakers, but he played in a Lakers uniform in only 25 games before being waived.
The men's road race cycling events at the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place on September 6-8 at Brands Hatch.
Liane Carroll (born 9 February 1964 in London) is an English pianist and singer who lives in Hastings, East Sussex.
Eric Rippert (born 1963) is an American visual artist using photography, video and sound recordings.
Blue Key Interactive is a creative and marketing company operating in Duluth, Georgia.
During the Earth-Minbari war, only a few "Sharlin" class ships were lost, usually by ramming, while the "Sharlin" class inflicted heavy losses on humans.
Monaghan, and on June 21, 1911, Lieutenant Commander W. P. Cronan in command.
In 1993, this line was reopened to passenger traffic as part of the new Robin Hood Line, and on 24 May 1994, the station reopened under its original name, the other Bulwell Common having closed in the meantime.
The 1947 World Series proved to be Gionfroddo's swan song in the big leagues, as he returned to the minor leagues in 1948.
Lumley's opponent was Mr. Copland, whom he defeated by a vote of 78 to 73.
In the 1995/96 season, Bierk led the Petes to the Memorial Cup final, where they were defeated by the Granby Predators 4-0 in the final.
"Why Do You Love Me" was written and recorded at Smart Studios during the 2004 sessions for "Bleed Like Me".
Karao ⁇ lan was published by Yalaz as a separate comic magazine on April 1, 1963, and was continued by various publishers until 2002.
Over the air, WMDT-DT2 broadcasts a digital signal on UHF channel 53.2 from WMDT's transmitter located west of the Maryland / Delaware state line in rural Wicomico County near Spring Grove.
Bum Boosa (or Bum Boosa Bamboo Products) is a brand located in Mashpee, Massachusetts that sells baby wipes, toilet paper and diaper rash cream derived from bamboo.
Microfold cells (or M cells) are found in the follicle-associated epithelium of Peyer's patch as well as in gut-associated lymphoid tissue (BALT).
The series tells the story of the love between high school teacher Michi Hirose and her student Hikaru.
When elected to the academy, Marchant originally offered a set of impressions of gems he had cut as his diploma work.They were however rejected on the grounds that they were not, as required by the academy, "original work".
The 2000 Rhein Fire season was the sixth season for the franchise in the NFL Europe League (NFLEL).
Tomás Canavery was the priest who conducted the wedding of Juan Emiliano O'Leary (father) and Dolores Urdapilleta (Paraguayan), the event celebrated on February 3, 1870 in Villa Hayes.
It is under the jurisdiction of Mehrin Kathla panchayat under the Indian panchayati raj system for village governance.
He had been ordered by the Duke of York on 27 March to do so, but had not yet complied.
On the way, Commander Ali R ⁇ za Bey changed his route and sailed eastwards due to reports of the presence of a possible enemy submarine in that area.
On October 4, 2017, Daniel Kilkelly of "Digital Spy") confirmed that Fedori had reprised the role for a six-month guest stint.
For this campaign, however, King Louis entrusted command of the theater to the duc de Luxembourg, who on July 1 fought his tactical masterpiece at the Battle of Fleurus.
The Yips present a serious social problem to the "permanent" residents, as the former greatly outnumber the latter, and it is no secret that they would like to occupy Deucas.
The town of Sogod and some barangays along the banks of Subangdaku were reportedly affected by a strong flood similar to that experienced with Typhoon Amy in 1951.
Ronnie Weaver earned the honor of the offensive player of the week in the USA Conference, rushing for a career-high 180 yards on 30 carries for 2 touchdowns.
Designers of both styles were concerned with using their inventories of geometric shapes to create the maximum diversity of forms.
The appointment of Daniel Biles was met with a firestorm of criticism from many conservative judges over his lack of judicial experience and also from many ethics watchdog groups over his campaign contributions to Governor Kathleen Sebelius and the Kansas Democratic Party.
The community has a population of 489, but receives vacationers from Calgary who come to play on Fairmont's three golf courses (Mountainside, Riverside and Creekside) on the Columbia River and visit the Fairmont Hot Springs Resort.
The second issue of Constance, entitled “Delicate Burdens,” will be published in November 2007.
The James Brown Arena is home to the Augusta River Hawks of the Southern Professional Hockey League, which began in 2010.
In the 1980s, about 250 students a year enrolled in these non-credit courses, with the majority of students in the ESL program being Libyans and Algerians.
He worked with him in opposition until William Hague took over as party leader.
It is coal-fired with two steam-driven turbo generators with a combined generating capacity of 1,000 MW of electricity.
The village was founded by the Russian-American Company in 1843 in the hope of establishing a port serving the Amga-Ayan Highway.
Nearby there is a small full-time library with an adult learning center next door, which used to be Oakdale Middle School before it moved to a new purpose-built site in 1997.
In 2012, Braunger starred in a pilot he created for Comedy Central titled "Braunger", which he co-wrote with "The Office" writer Brent Forrester.
Amro also offers piano tuning and moving, rentals and repairs for all the products it carries.
The festival raised $ 300 for the Borough of Delaware Water Gap and, at a cost of $ 1.00, is a great bargain for jazz and art fans alike.
In the summer of 2012, Taanila participated in dOCUMENTA (13) with a three-channel (3 x 16 m) video installation "The Most Electrified Town in Finland" (2012).
Rilee Roscoe Rossouw (born 9 October 1989 in Bloemfontein, Orange Free State) was a former South African-born English cricketer.
Meanwhile, Consolacion, a barangay six kilometers from Sogod "poblacion", was founded on February 3, 1730.
With products ranging from creepy pets to zombie-killing farm girls, FP offers a wide variety of titles in numerous genres and styles and is the developer of the Inland Empire Comic Expo and Inland Empire Zombie Beauty Pageant.
Another plan for Apollo-based long-term manned spaceflight would use a Saturn V to send three men on a Manned Venus Flyby, using the Saturn S-IVB stage as a "wet workshop".
This original guest house was built in 1877 on a peninsula point protruding into Blue Mountain Lake.
After high school, Van Patten moved to Tempe, Arizona, lived and worked as a tile and marble setter until he returned to Seattle to attend Seattle Pacific University for two years.
Hedley John Howarth (born 25 December 1943) is a former international cricketer who played 30 tests and nine One Day Internationals for New Zealand.
Huan Kuan ( ⁇ ), author of the Confucian work "Debates on Salt and Iron" ( ⁇ ), was also a follower of the Gongyang School.
Swift took a points decision in December 1964 to become British champion at second weight.
The Soave DOC was created in 1968 with these boundaries revised and expanded periodically over the next few decades.
He spent another two seasons in Ottawa as the team's special team coordinator before joining the Winnipeg Blue Bombers as their defensive back coach in 2005.
The specific epithet ("despectans") is derived from a Latin word meaning "to look down".
Edward is one of the ninety elected hereditary peers who remain in the House of Lords after the passage of the House of Lords Act 1999 and sits as a cross-bencher.
The strange sound of the uilleann pipes allowed him to become a session musician with prog-rockers The Enid in 1987 on their album "The Sower and the Seed".
Chester Linwood Nourse (August 7, 1887 - April 20, 1958) was a relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Boston Red Sox during the season.
The specific name, "datangi", honors the Tang Dynasty and also Mr. Zhi-Lu Tang of the IVPP for his contributions to the study of dinosaurs.
Kristiyan Tafradzhiyski (born August 10, 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Sozopol.
Jennifer Walters, in an attempt to get to the bottom of the matter, agreed to a mindprobe of both Starfox and herself.
Amtsakhara was originally formed as an association of veterans of the 1992-93 war with Georgia, but has since expanded its membership to include the wider community.
The Spectre kills Nabu, but the severity of this action is noticed by the Presence, who then sends the Spectre to a new host as punishment for his actions.
Food carts usually have it available for customers and for take-away food it is distributed in small hand-tied clear plastic bags.
Black magic is the term given to a crude free base form of caffeine, usually for the purpose of smoking as one would smoke freebase cocaine.
Schunck showed that alizarin was not the major color precursor component of fresh madder root, but it was a yellow bitter water-soluble component, which he called rubian.
The disturbance at a point P can be found by applying the integral theorem to the closed surface formed by the intersection of a sphere of radius R with the screen.
Newton was baptized in Colsterworth Church, where a copy of the entry in the register is found.
They are the second team to represent Sheffield in British American football, after the city was without a team for 20 years.
Quebec has 145 parishes (French: "cantons") with a total population of 146,077 in the 2016 census.
Previous work suggested that a repeat of 13 thymidine nucleotides might be involved in regulating the abundance of the "hopCB" operon.
Principense has many similarities with Forro in S ⁇ o Tomé and can be considered a dialect of it.
Most Dutch flag officers had strong doubts about the feasibility of such a daring attack, fearing the treacherous shoals in the Thames estuary, but they obeyed orders anyway.
Indonesia's nuclear program includes plans to build nuclear reactors in the country to produce nuclear power for peaceful purposes.
He began his work as an amateur photographer in 1989, but by 1991 was spending about half his time working in photography.
The CWI has the only tartan registered by the "Scottish Tartan Authority" to a women's group.
The sequence of interest is labeled and allowed to hybridize to the prepared DNA.
In the early 1990s, Sun replaced the BSD-derived SunOS 4 with a version of UNIX System V Release 4, which they called Solaris 2.
In Sogod, Imelda Uy-Tan (LP), current barangay chairperson of Barangay San Roque and spouse of former Mayor Shefferred Lino Siengco Tan, won against her rival opponent, Isidro Estrella.
In broadcasting, AGL altitude has relatively little direct impact on a station's broadcast range.
Peng began her career by appearing in Jackie Chan's film Little Big Soldier, with her most recent film appearance in 2015 in "Dragon Blade".
Dorothy Layton (born August 13, 1912) is a former American film actress of the early 1930s.
Short is also Chief Technology Officer at Setem Technologies in Newbury, Massachusetts, a company he co-founded in 2012.
Later, as a graduate student at the University of Florida in Gainesville, Bortnick started the band "What It Is," which became popular in the Southeast touring circuit, though the band was never signed to a major label.
When adherence is defined as more than 4 hours of nightly use, 46 to 83% of patients with obstructive sleep apnea were reported to be non-adherent to treatment.
Later, when Inanna was trapped in the Underworld, it was Ninshubur who pleaded with Enki for her master's release.
One of the underlying assumptions behind deductive reasoning is the closed universe hypothesis, which tries to limit the universe of discourse to allow deduction and evaluation of a manageable set of possibilities.
Every newly built property incorporates the company's trademark, a single brick embossed with the Wainhomes logo, to represent an assurance of quality, integrity, value for money and the symbol of an exceptional new home.
Codex Zacynthius (designated by siglum  ⁇  or 040 in the Gregory-Aland numbering; A 1 (von Soden)) is a Greek New Testament codex, dated paleographically to the 6th century.
He became a saint) in 1970 and his feast day is December 1 - the day he died in 1581.
A female channeler who does not want to become a damane (usually a woman who was not raised in the Seanchan culture) has her will broken in a long process involving both physical pain and emotional humiliation.
There is a long-standing rumor that Transtrom was electrocuted during one of his demonstrations when one of these long sparks reached the primary coil of the device, thus coupling and drawing enough current to kill him.
Patrick's obituary in the Green Isle Record in 1907 was titled "Sibley County Pioneer Dead" and stated that at the time of his arrival the area was "then but a wilderness".
The most famous and enduring brand of Onitsuka Tiger shoes to date is the striped Mexico 66 line of athletic shoes.
Radloff was defeated by John Comer when he ran for re-election to the assembly in 1971.
In 1966, it was closed under the Beeching axe despite being a busy commuter line.
Ballot Initiative 937 (official name Initiative Measure No. 937, known as I-937) is a successful clean energy initiative in the US state of Washington, appearing on the ballot in the November 2006 elections.
He was instrumental in founding Yankton College, the first college-level institution of the Upper Mississippi Valley, and served as its president.
The band performed "Why Do You Love Me" acoustically for a number of radio sessions, including for DC 101 and 92.3 Xtreme Radio.
The Johnson Manufacturing Company was a historic mill complex at 65 Brown Street in North Adams, Massachusetts.
RK Gorenje president Franc Plaskan retired and was replaced by Janez  ⁇ ivko.
Some demons have proven to be able to show compassion and even genuine love - although limited - to their children and immediate family members.
Feral pigs, exotic axis deer, porcupines, rock squirrels and ringtail cats can occasionally be encountered.
He made his operatic debut in 1893 (some sources say 1892) at Castelfranco Veneto, in the role of Faust by Charles Gounod.
Catubodua (, "battle crow") is a Gaulish goddess known from a single inscription in Haute Savoie, eastern France.
In circumstances where eggs are exposed to high temperatures (26 degrees C and 36 degrees C), they are less likely to hatch, which would lead to a reduced brood size.
Wednesbury was a borough constituency that returned one member of parliament to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1868 until it was abolished for the February 1974 general election.
Amiga Inc said it decided to produce a PowerPC version of AmigaOS in 2001 and on November 3, 2001, they signed a contract with Hyperion (then a game developer for the 68k Amiga platform as well as Linux and Macintosh).
Irreligion in Sri Lanka may refer to atheism, agnosticism, deism, religious skepticism, secular humanism or general secularist attitudes in Sri Lanka.
His predecessor was the Polish pó ⁇ torak, a coin equal to one and a half grosz ("pó ⁇ tora" means "one and a half" in Polish).
This protozoan was found in overwintering queens and males of various species of "Bombus", with the half-black bumblebee ("Bombus vagans") at 8% being the most heavily infected.
Quavas Kirk (born April 13, 1988 in Aurora, Illinois) is an American soccer player currently playing for Portland Timbers in the USSF Division 2 Professional League.
Generally seen as a landmark post-punk album, it is considered by many critics and fans as the band's strongest work.
He played for BCCP XI against the International XI tour in 1967-68, and for a strong President's XI against the Commonwealth XI tour a few weeks later, but without notable success.
In each of the four successive censuses, William Hunt from Devon is named as station master, indicating at least a 40-year spell in charge.
David John Profumo, 6th Baron Profumo, FRSL (born 20 October 1955 in London) is an English novelist.
From 27 January to 6 July 2015, Tsakalotos served as Deputy Minister for International Economic Affairs in Alexis Tsipras's cabinet.
But it was on July 29, 1950 that Bontoc was formally inaugurated as a fully committed municipality.
Ingvar Albin Henrik Pettersson (19 January 1926 - 2 July 1996) was a Swedish athlete who mainly competed in the 50-kilometer walk.
Amro Music Stores, Inc. is a 4th generation family-owned music store located in Memphis, TN.
After participating in 20 Grand Prix races, the car made its final competition appearance at the season finale - 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, before retiring.
Their next two singles, "Try to Find Me" and a collaboration with Bon Jovi, "Peace in Our Time", received rotation on mainstream radio stations.
In addition to his full-time role as Vice Provost, Williams also holds a clinical faculty appointment with the Department of Educational Leadership and Policy Analysis.
The 2017-18 Long Beach State 49ers men's basketball team represents California State University, Long Beach during the 2017-18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.
Al-Tufayl ibn Amr ad-Dawsi (d. 633) was the chief of the Daws tribe from Tihama in pre-Quranic times.
According to Ronald B. Mincy, a Ford Foundation project officer, between 16 percent and 33 percent of borrowers are "turnip dads" borrowers who earn less than $ 130 a week.
Rupert D'Oyly Carte supervised the company's recordings, including eight more acoustic recordings by 1924 and a series of complete electrical recordings in the late 1920s and early 1930s.
In 2013, St. Mary opened a primary school in Oldfield Road as part of the Free School program.
Laser guide star adaptive optics is still a very young field, with much effort currently invested in technology development.
This allowed Fregosi to hit the slugger Fred McGriff, who he had saved, to come to the plate as a tie.
She was a member of the 2003 team that competed in the Canada Cup and played in the game against China, where opposing players tried unsuccessfully to intimidate her.
Former Governor Damian Mercado and former Congressman Roger Mercado, together with former Mayor Sheffered Lino Tan, ordered the complete re-channelization of the river with the construction of dikes in the barangays of Suba, San Isidro and
During the Spanish-American War, he distinguished himself by taking the USS "Leyden" into Nipe Bay through a narrow channel that was supposedly mined.
This ailment grew steadily worse, forcing him to retire from the opera stage seven years later, although his voice was still in prime condition.
Critics were positive about the song, praising its disco sound and comparing it to the work of French electronic music duo Daft Punk.
It would be a biofuel railway, using a wood-burning steam locomotive and a passenger coach heated by a wood-burning stove.
The large stage of the Drury Lane Theater with its hydraulics and moving parts made it exciting to watch.
Shishio assembled a group of the best fighters in Japan, called Juppongatana (Ten Swords), to overthrow the Meiji government.
During his captivity, however, Caransa continued to negotiate: his kidnappers wanted $ 40 million, and he offered $ 300,000.
In Sri Lanka, it has a limited distribution and is found from the Uvala patinas east to the lowlands of Nilgala and Bibile.
Pehitia "Pehi" Te Whare (born 6 February 1984) is a former New Zealand rugby union player.
Republican delegates Clem Jones, Ted Mack, Pat O'Shane, Paul Tully and Paddy O'Brien held for a greater change in the constitution than the more minimalist model ultimately proposed.
In addition, the full ownership of the airfield was scheduled to return to Saudi Arabia at the end of the war, after an agreed 3-year period during which the US would have the right to operate the field.
Secondary education is provided by three national high schools and a Catholic institution, which makes the municipality a thriving center for education in the north-central part of the province.
Like other pottery companies of the time, the company originally made utilitarian goods such as basic household items, floor tiles, bricks and sewage pipes.
The food plants are from the family Umbelliferae and include fennel ("Foeniculum vulgare"), giant fennel ("Ferula communis"), Corsican rue ("Ruta corsica") and "Peucedanum
Davejean was founded as a small keep at the head of the village, in the heart of the Cathar area.
The team's top goalscorer was Ben Everson, a former Middlesbrough player, who scored 7 goals in 10 games.
It receives regular visits from scholars from both sides of the Atlantic as well as the far east.
In September 1944, Holmes left Louisville for "Life" magazine, then "the country's most famous picture magazine, in the New York offices as a photographer," according to a Courier-Journal story at the time.
Harrel took his case to the press and in short order, Peter Farrell, the Oregonian television critic, wrote a column.
Mike James is an American football running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League.
During the last winter of the war, a number of HIPO members were killed and killed.
The legal boundaries of the newly created township were not fully defined, causing much tension between the municipalities of Sogod and Bontoc.
Marshall was born on December 3, 1822 in Lyme, New Hampshire, to Macaiah and Martha (Southard) Marshall.
It was decided to omit the circumflex ("circonflexe accent") in the names of the winter months.
He has started a new company Arb Studios that makes apps for mobile devices and the casual gaming market.
Steglitz includes the neighborhoods of Lichterfelde, Lankwitz and Südende, as well as Steglitz proper, for which the borough was named.
Lehman's first Wagner performances were in the title role in "Tannhauser" in March 2007.
The Elephant Room is a quality restaurant located in Torquay, Devon, England.
The main campus is located in Curitiba, the capital city of the state of Paraná, Brazil, and four other campuses are located in the cities of Londrina, Maringá, S ⁇ o José dos Pinhais and Toledo.
She is best known for her work exploring intimacy, sexuality and the competitive aspects of human nature.
American Hofmann serves the automotive, electric motor, turbocharger, gas turbine, airline, digital media, pump, oil and gas, medical, textile, nuclear, military and environmental industries.
Other NCF founding members from unions included Daniel Keefe (International Longshoremen's Association), John Mitchell (United Mine Workers) and J. J. Sullivan (Typographers).
In 1829, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania was appointed Secretary of the Treasury and asked Rodman to accompany him.
Notable players of the team include senior men's Tunisian national basketball team members Mourad El Mabrouk, Marouan Kechrid, Marouen Lahmar, Naim Dhifallah.
This allowed the interior space to be better fitted, although many design concepts from the Wet Workshop, notably the open floor that allowed fuel to flow through it, were kept in Skylab.
Miller had already found his voice as an author while an expatriate and had published some of his best-known works, including "Tropic of Cancer", "Black Spring" and "Tropic of Capricorn".
Hannibal sought a victory of any kind to secure the confidence of his new allies.
Guthrie's main responsibility was (as it is to this day) to serve as one of the final authorities on the audio quality of Pink Floyd and Floyd-related releases.
Sparks then decided to change tack, dropping the synthpop sound, reducing the musical palette and developing the music on piano lines and lyrics of Ron Mael and vocals of Russell Mael.
Although their battle with The Fury had left Brian's ancestral home in ruins, when the XSE returned, they found the house rebuilt, and Brian and Meggan unharmed.
There is no indication of the time when the ruling "gyulas" moved their headquarters and residence to the middle Maros valley.
Most of the plot lines revolved around the students' attempts to meet Professor Loftus's demanding expectations.
Young Pakistan is a secular non-profit group that came into existence on May 10, 2009 in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.
Aluppy Kakka, a shrewd businessman, learned that the merchants he had sold spices sold them to foreigners from Tellicherry and decided to migrate to Tellicherry with a view to trade with distant places.
According to surveys conducted by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite, IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite, and the Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission, the asteroid's albedo is in the range of 0.2
The D'Oyly Carte Opera Company was a professional light opera company that staged Gilbert and Sullivan's Savoy operas almost all year round in the UK and sometimes toured in Europe, North America and elsewhere, from the 1870s until 1982.
She writes for The Sunday Independent and "The Evening Herald" and presents Talking Point - a PPI-nominated show - on Newstalk and occasionally for TV3.
When you heard the intro (created by Ace and Dr Spek), you knew a great night was ahead.
By increasing the lightweight character of the design and incorporating several technological advances, the boat could again be made to perform well when sailed by two average-sized adults.
It is an emergent tree, up to 60 m tall, found in mixed dipterocarp forest on yellow clay and sandy clay soils on sedimentary rock.
Monterrey Steel is a professional indoor football team and a charter member of the National Arena League (NAL) that began play in the 2017 season.
She was laid down on 30 October 1940 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg as yard number 567, launched on 20 August 1941 and commissioned on 9 October 1941 under "Kptlt" Hans-Jürgen Zetzsche.
Robert Lewandowski is the fifth-highest scorer in the history of the Polish national football team, with 34 in 73 games since his debut in 2008.
Today, the ruins include both the tower house with its arrow slits (or "loops") and the four walls of the adjoining manor house with their mullioned and transomed windows.
The large farmhouse was built around 1685 for John Dagget, Jr. on the site of an earlier 1643 house that was burned by Native Americans during King Phillip's War.
Quebec's government uses the English term town as a translation for the French term "ville" and township for "canton".
The village's ethnic group has preserved its Turkish roots through a long run of challenges.
The factor 1/"rs" is replaced with 1/"r's" where "r', s" are the distances from P0 and P to the origin, which is located in the aperture.
The album features seven tracks that charted on the Pop Charts, six of which in the Top 40 and three Number One Singles.
On 11 October 2011, Fort Victoria, along with the USS De Wert, was involved in the release of the Italian ship Montecristo after it was hijacked by Somali pirates.
Damanhour (, Egyptian: "Dm ⁇ -n- ⁇ r.w", Coptic:, ') is a city in Lower Egypt and the capital of the Beheira Governorate.
The owner had hoped to reopen the park if it was financially feasible to cover the bottom with concrete, as the protist tends to live in the soil at the bottom of lakes.
As part of the CO-OP network, the credit union provides access to nearly 30,000 surcharge-free ATMs, including 5,500 7-Eleven locations in the US and Canada.
In law school he showed a predilection for the criminal branch and was guided by jurist and professor Luis Jimenez de As ⁇ a, who was awarded the Special Prize in the Criminal Subject.
Kirk was a standout in the Under-17 national team, scoring 22 goals in 53 games.
In 2006, the band wrote the title song "Feel It" for the film Nachtrit.
Mikkjel Hemmestveit (6 March 1863-22 April 1957) was a Norwegian-American Nordic skier who shared the Holmenkollen medal with his brother, Torjus Hemmestveit in 1928.
William A. "Bill" Adam (born October 21, 1917 in Kansas City, Missouri; died November 25, 2013 in Bloomington, Indiana) is an American trumpeter, respected pedagogue and professor emeritus at Indiana University.
Helen tells the servants that she will sleep in the other wing of the house.
Here the first settlement of the culture was excavated in 1900, by George Sarauw.
Reciprocal Recording would gain fame for being the studio that Nirvana under the label Sub Pop, recorded Bleach (Nirvana album).
It is also unclear why bassist Alex Kopchick disappeared that night and never arrived at the concert.
The most famous poem is "Love is not enough to love" (in Italian "L'amore non basta per amare"), mistakenly attributed to Frida Kahlo.
During the mid-1990s, he worked for a PhD under the supervision of Gordon Dougan at Imperial College.
The couple became unhappy, and Aleksandra obtained a divorce on the grounds of "neglect and bad treatment by her husband" and then divorced him in 1909.
In 2015, Noyce will direct the film adaptation of Philip Roth's novel American Pastoral.
The 272d was considered by the Americans to be one of the best organized and equipped Communist units and was one of the few that dared to make daylight attacks.
I will probably provide a table explaining the premises the hypothesis is based on and its current predictions to summarize the importance of the hypothesis.
Serita Solomon (born March 1, 1990) is a British track and field athlete who competes in the hurdles.
Adding cohesion to these resources is the original carriageway that connects Stonegate Drive with the outbuildings and main dwelling, as well as elements of the on  ⁇  nal Picturesque-inspired landscape treatments.
According to the report, the Royal Town Planning Institute and the Hong Kong Heritage Society objected to the establishment of the "ad hoc" committee, separate from the Town Planning Board.
The Corsican swallowtail inhabits mountainous regions between 600 and 1500 m above sea level on the islands of Corsica and Sardinia, where it is extremely localized.
Radgonica is a small settlement east of Dole in the Litija municipality in central Slovenia.
However, the company went bankrupt and he was forced to follow a different line of work.
In January 1196, Archbishop Walter concluded the negotiations, becoming the Treaty of Louviers, whereby the unfortified manor of Andeli in Normandy, desired by both kings, was not to be fortified in any way by either of them.
Due to the lack of cooperation by the Scottish Prison Service in allowing a film crew to access their property, Hayman's scenes in prison were filmed in Dublin's Kilmainham Jail.
He was a member of the British side at the 1960 Olympics in Rome.
Antonio Francisco Coronel (October 21, 1817 Mexico City-April 17, 1894) served as mayor of Los Angeles from 1853 to 1854.
Many early social scientists held tabula rasa (blank slate) views, which was the idea that individuals are born without mental content, and that the organization and function of the brain comes only from experience throughout life Pinker, S. (2002).
Larin was also a recitalist, with several programs of songs preserved on a disc.
Explosion outside the Athens stock exchange causes minor injuries to one woman and significant damage to the surrounding area.
Herglotz method for determining the velocity distribution of the interior of the Earth from the known propagation times of seismic waves (an inverse problem).
The device exploded, causing extensive damage to the engine room and several floods that were only brought under control after hours of work by emergency teams.
In August 2015, Arab Bank agreed to a settlement with hundreds of American victims of terrorism, including the Goldsteins.
Widmer was also instrumental in creating American-style Sunday school classes for children in many French Mennonite churches.
Godfrey Matthew Hewitt (10 January 1940 – 18 February 2013) was a British professor and evolutionary geneticist at the University of East Anglia who was very influential in the development of the fields of molecular ecology, phylogeography, speciation and hybridization.
Vinod Illampilly cranked the camera and the film was produced by T.R. Sreeraj under the banner of Sree Surya Films.
Warren Holloway has since graduated from Iowa, and while he was not drafted in NFL football, his one and only touchdown will always be remembered by Iowa fans.
Pakistanis in Burma are a historical community living in Burma (Myanmar) who trace their origins to Pakistan.
Fidelio is one of several children in the Gunn household who are musically inclined, except that he is a virtuoso, a musical genius who can pick up any instrument and play it without formal lessons.
Jennifer Bolande (born 1957, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American artist known for work that spans a variety of different media, from photography to sculpture and includes filmic elements.
However, with the new media law, the action of the audiovisual regulator has been extended to print media outlets as well and to take measures against print media that do not comply with media transparency rules.
It aimed to settle the claims of the Angevin kings of England on French lands and, at least temporarily, to end the quarrel over the Duchy of Normandy.
A shutdown of the station would leave Fredericton without a locally based French-language station.
Machines range from simple benchtop models to fully automatic, multi-station measuring and correction systems, as well as portable field balancers.
Johansson is often credited as a taxonomic authority for species first described in "Centuria Insectorum Rariorum", including the Carolina mantis ("Stagmomantis carolina") and the clipped-wing grasshopper ("Metalepte
Before being named "Morning Live" co-host in 2005, Hamm was the station's crime reporter and a backup news anchor.
The following year, he was inducted into the Buffalo, New York Broadcasters Hall of Fame.
Sergente André Louis Bosson (1894-1918) was a French World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.
For the UW 225 produced from 1935, the engine size was increased to 2,257 cc and the reported maximum power rose to or, respectively, at 3,300 or 3,800 rpm: the increased power was reflected by a modest increase in the claimed top speed to.
This is confirmed by referring to texts such as those of Tabari, Abolfazl Beyhaghi, Tarikh-i Sistan and Naser Khosrow's "Safar nama", among many others.
Gibson built a custom version for Wes and it is now offered - this L-5 is known as the Wes Montgomery model.
A girls' boarding school whose motto is "to raise women who show feminine virtues and the time-honored traditions of Japan within themselves."
Przybysz has a medical degree from the Federal University of Parana, Brazil, jointly with Harvard Medical School. He graduated in 2013 with honors after completing his internships in oncology-related rotations.
His first solo album after leaving his band Ben Folds Five, Rockin' the Suburbs, was recorded in Adelaide, Australia, where Folds was living at the time.
Southern Miss scored 31 unanswered points, jumping to a 31-14 lead halfway through the 4th quarter.
The new series stars a new Hikarian, Lightning West, and a new human lead, Kenta Hijiribashi ( ⁇  "Hijiribashi Kenta").
Their small size and high speed made them difficult targets for E-boats or torpedo bombers, but they were particularly vulnerable to mines and heavy weather.
The MS.315 was developed from the earlier MS.300 primary trainer and related variants and first flew in October 1932.
As the name suggests, the seat incorporated large parts of the old Metropolitan Borough of Bermondsey and Metropolitan Borough of Southwark, within the modern London Borough of Southwark (which is much larger than historic Southwark).
Former Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the Los Angeles City Council praised Albert for his civic contributions to the City of Los Angeles.
On September 15, 2003, Abdelhanine Benallou was appointed as the new general manager of ONDA.
Other Fw 190 pilots were not so lucky as electrical problems in the trim switch caused or were suspected to have caused a number of crashes.
Each "Mitsuoka Roadster" is individually handmade by just 45 skilled craftsmen at the Japanese Mitsuoka factory in Toyama City, Japan.
Eli Holzman is a creator-developer, writer and producer of several television programs and episodes, but has recently achieved his greatest success in reality-based television series.
The song was also recorded by Ruth Davis, whose rendition reached No. 6 on the Billboard R & B chart in 1949.
They found the old Litchdon Street premises too cramped and moved the company to a site on the Roundswell Industrial Estate in 1989.
Scipio was just as eager for a fight and marched northwards up the Po to meet him.
The game between Italy & France was the only game of the competition, although it is not registered in the annals of French rugby history.
From the start, Rabbi Yosef has led the organization, although he was initially known publicly only by his first name, highlighting the delicate situation of homosexuals in the Jewish Orthodox community in Israel.
In May 1916, Bimba began attending classes at Valparaiso University, a small private college in Valparaiso, Indiana, which had gained a following among the Lithuanian immigrant community as a friendly institution.
The plight of these women sparked a new chapter of feminism to fight against female degradation, which included concerns about sexually transmitted diseases, out-of-wedlock births and sexual abuse of minors.
The remaining part of Clough is a good place to walk and experience nature.
A creek, draining from Maligaya, crosses in the south and flows into the sea in the northwest.
On January 24, 2006, The WB and UPN networks announced they would cease broadcasting and merge.
The 272nd Regiment of the 9th Viet Cong Division was involved in this battle and has since recovered.
The "Garafiano Pastor" (Garafian Shepherd) is a breed of dog native to La Palma, Canary Islands.
The target group was 16-25 years old and the purpose was to give them more access to their culture and heritage, make them discuss and relate to culture and heritage and teach them how to work together.
Wynter was presented to the living of Winwick in 1525 (on Larke's resignation from Winwick in 1523), and then spent time in Paris with Lupset.
In addition to the main festival, the Encounters Outdoor Solar Cinema Tour travels to a number of different parks in Bristol and South Gloucestershire throughout the month of September and shows a free program of family-friendly short films and animations under the stars.
Gamelion is an independent award-winning developer of video games and entertainment apps for mobile devices, PC and consoles.
During his tenure of 49 days as Cabinet Minister in the Arvind Kejriwal government, he closely worked with his close aides, namely Lokesh Goel, Dr. Nikunj Agarwal, Rajesh Gupta, along with other dedicated volunteers.
The deadline for submissions was October 3, 2016, with the Academy announcing a list of eligible films later that month.
By definition, committing "venal" acts does not imply "stealing" or "lying," but rather suggests a consensual arrangement, perhaps without conscience or regard for consequences, but is not synonymous with stealing.
The missiles and satellites were not detected at their maximum detectable range because the coverage of the fixed beam configuration did not match the test range layout.
In about 1740, it was replaced by Cherington Park, built for John Neale and greatly enlarged in the 19th century by the addition of three service ranges around a courtyard.
Traditionally, "lagging indicators" have been used to identify trends in accidents that occur in the workplace.
Bryon Allen (born May 1, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Rick Adams founded a nonprofit telecommunications company, UUNET Communications Service, to reduce the cost of mail and Usenet traffic sent by UUCP, especially for rural sites in America.
Consider, for example, the following extracts from the "Treatise on the Court": Refuge, Eustache de (2007).
He is contacted by people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks instead to return to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again.
Tchernov was born in Tel Aviv and received a Ph.D. from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1966.
George L. Wainwright Jr. (born December 10, 1943) is a former associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
The department was noted as one of the best in East Anglia and among the best music departments in the country.
Today, the (Johnson Space Center) stands where the old rice farm was.
William A. Sayer collected specimens of it about "Mt Bellenden Ker" in 1887, as recorded on Ferdinand von Mueller's "9/87" label on his herbarium specimen sent to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, UK on 15 March 1892.
According to David X. Cohen, the 100th episode could serve as a mid-season finale, depending on Comedy Central.
The construction of the Karl ⁇ n district began in 1817 around the rosarium of the Knights of the Cross with the Red Star.
In late July 1941, 70 to 80 Jewish men were killed in a mass execution perpetrated by an Einsatzgruppe of Germans and Lithuanian nationalists.
Lady Agnes Keith was born in Dunnottar Castle, Aberdeenshire, Scotland in about 1540, the eldest daughter of William Keith, 4th Earl Marischal and Margaret Keith.
Tinbergen added to de Ruiter's experiments and found that when caterpillars were more abundant than twigs, birds continued to hunt, when caterpillars seemed rare compared to twigs, birds stopped hunting altogether.
Short earned his PhD in theoretical physics from Imperial College London in 1988.
This is probably at least part of the reason for his antagonism towards other characters, especially prom queen Claire Standish (Molly Ringwald), who is clearly from a wealthy family.
Eliseev, using numerous pseudonyms (Grytsko is the better known), headed the "Internal Review" department in it and, according to B & EED, was later considered the founder of this particular review genre in Russian journalism.
And the red "potpots" cover the eastern section of the bay, from Barangays San Miguel and Suba to Barangay Nahulid of Libagon town.
Pont Croesor is a new railway station in Wales, on the Welsh Highland Railway, which runs through Snowdonia National Park from Caernarfon to Porthmadog.
Charles I moved his court to Timișoara in early 1315 because oligarchs dominated most of his kingdom's territories.
Bryon Allen (born May 1, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for EWE Baskets Oldenburg.
Dr. Srikantan completed his schooling at the local government school and did his pre-university at St. Joseph's College, Bangalore.
Boylan's short stories are collected in "A Nail on the Head" (1983), "Concerning Virgins" (1990) and "That Bad Woman" (1995).
Arthur Mitchell Wilson (24 August 1888 - 19 December 1947) DSO was a gynaecologist and obstetrician and an Australian rules footballer who played for the University in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Welles told Graver that only one other person had ever called him to say that they wanted to work with him - and that was Gregg Toland who worked with Welles on "Citizen Kane".
The Ox Anthology' is a 2CD collection of the work of late The Who bassist John Entwistle.
Warrior King's best known hits are "Virtuous Woman", "Hold Da Faith", "My Life", "Can't Get Me Down" and most recently "Wan na Give You Love".
The company has kept the Savoy operas in the public eye for over a century and has left a lasting legacy of production styles and stage business that continue to be imitated in new productions.
Born in Wilson County, North Carolina, Wainwright earned a degree in political science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill before working in agribusiness in Wilson, North Carolina for more than 15 years.
He calls this spread of Cahokian material culture "pax Cahokiana" due to its far-reaching and distinct influence.
Wallis Heights is a former military community on the eastern shore of Halifax Harbour in the Halifax Regional Municipality of Nova Scotia next to the A. Murray MacKay Bridge in Dartmouth.
He was also known for using coarse language, especially in confrontations with government officials and clergy, who at the time were the most influential political groups.
At that time, the "split" of the route was temporary and was introduced to reduce delays while major long-term roadworks are carried out on the A47 at Postwick, east of Norwich.
With the expanding economy, the number of commuters using the railways has rapidly increased, especially in the Greater Tokyo Area.
Headhunter Redemption marked the last of the studio's games, as they would later close the Stockholm studio after a period of economic hardship.
The "Business Driver Award" is aimed at people in public office who have "actively participated in supporting small businesses, entrepreneurs and young people as one of the measures to recover from the economic downturn".
Wolfram Setz (born July 7, 1941) is a German historian, editor, translator and essayist.
Notably, in August 2005, Covance acquired GFI Clinical Services, an 80-bed clinical pharmacology business, from West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., to expand the company's Phase I clinical research offerings.
Baron von Hoym tried unsuccessfully to prevent the relationship, considering his former wife unfit for the role of official mistress.
Several groups stood and fought, but those not overwhelmed in the first rush were forced to retreat.
Apart from the "Dasyu Bhaskar" novels, Rongmon also wrote several other children's novels, namely "Daku", "Paban Konwar" and "Parbatar Ringoni".
One is far more distant than the others and plays no role in the interaction.
Aerie Pharmaceuticals is a publicly traded (NASDAQ: AERI) pharmaceutical company worth $649.99 million, in the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, and whose products have the ability to treat glaucoma.
His studies on nurse prescription, NHS cadet schemes, the quality of nursing care and computer-assisted learning for nursing are particularly dishonorable.
He had the town secretary Rosenkranz and mayor Georg Langerhans arrested, supposedly for suspicions of crooked bookkeeping, and confiscated 4002 marks and 37 pfennigs - of course, with a receipt (he signed it with his former jail director's name)
The Battle of Ponchatoula was fought between March 24-26, 1863 in Ponchatoula, Louisiana and Ponchatoula Creek during the beginning of the Vicksburg Campaign.
After the untimely death of Jim O'Brien on September 25, 1983, he began reporting the weather for WPVI's "Action News", a position he maintains to this day.
She and Lloyd Waddy led ACM through the 1998 Constitutional Convention and the 1999 referendum.
The result is being simultaneously burned and slashed, more than compensating for the weakness of his serrated sword not being able to cut as deep as a normal one.
In August 2014, ISIS and its allies launched a full-scale invasion and the battle with Lebanese troops lasted five days before they were forced back into Syria.
Travers owns a vineyard and winery Bourke & Travers in South Australia's Clare Valley wine region, selling wine grapes to Penfolds.
The department, which is part of the Justice and Public Safety Cabinet, is responsible for promoting vehicle safety and enforcing both commercial and passenger vehicle laws.
To his surprise, this also worked, and they had just invented something that had huge implications.
Cook campus is crossed by the "Westons Mill Pond" section of scenic Lawrence Brook, which flows between Rutgers vegetable research farm, Rutgers equine research farm, Rutgers Gardens and Rutgers Helyar Woods.
Based on the BYD F6, the F6e uses iron-based batteries instead of lithium-ion and can be recharged to 70 percent of capacity in 10 minutes.
Ron Yosef (Hebrew:  ⁇   ⁇ ) is the founder of the Israeli organization Hod, which represents Israeli gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews.
It is likely that his lectures were transcribed by his students, which Marchia edited, resulting in several versions of his commentary in manuscript form.
Onyria was an Italian symphonic metal band from Bolzano, Italy, formed in 2012 by vocalist Helena and guitarist Simon J. Gillman.
Pakistanis in Burma are a historical group of people living in Burma (Myanmar) who trace their origins to Pakistan.
The camel corps spent the following months rounding up stray Italians and policing against local bandits.
A total of 5,500 square meters in a former textile factory had been transformed into an exhibition for New Art, with Joseph Beuys' two-story work "Das Kapitalraum 1970-1977" at its core.
It was succeeded as Norwegian representative at the 1966 contest by  ⁇ se Kleveland with "Intet Er Nytt Under Solen".
Backchannel communication is present in all cultures and languages, though frequency and use may vary.
As a teenager, Michael began to write songs with the band Skarotum with his brother Chris.
She said yes, but told him to come back when they played something slower, which he did.
Bootsect.dos is then responsible for loading the files needed to boot the other operating system.
His best season after 1954 was for the original San Francisco Giants of 1958, going 3-1 with a 2.37 ERA in 11 games.
Heerema Marine Contractors was formed in 1948 as a small construction company providing oilfield platforms in Venezuela.
When applied to "my job is a jail," "jail" would be at the basic level, "county jail" at the subordinate level and situations at the supervisory level.
Thus, during the Boshin War, Shishio was knocked out from a bullet wound to the head, doused in oil and burned alive by the Ishin Shishi.
The League lacked real leadership, they had no official chairman of their Lower House parliamentary party.
Next Generation Security Software Ltd is an English security company that has primarily focused on Microsoft security issues.
Leonard Marks realized the potential of the Coldwater River region and the dense forests and fertile banks of Cassidy's Bayou when he bought a small trading boat and peddled goods up and down the river area.
The former Australian Joint Stock Bank (former) / Gympie Stock Exchange offices and club (former) were listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 15 April 2011 having met the following criteria.
The album contains notable tracks such as the first song ever recorded by Brides Of Funkenstein entitled "Love Is Something" featuring P-Funk lead guitarist Eddie Hazel, as well as radio ads for the Ultra Wave album by Bootsy Collins.
She graduated from the University of Western Ontario with a degree in history and received her master's degree in journalism, also from UWO.
The single was the most successful of the trio's career and peaked at number one on the R&B chart for fifteen weeks.
It was previously owned by a man named Fred Coleman, who ran a nearby lodge in the 1880s.
Asylum seekers / invaders, now accompanied by police groups, advanced along the edge of the main highway to the capital.
Lizbeth  ⁇ ngeles Mercado (born June 29, 1990) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Pachuca of the Liga MX Femenil.
It is close to Ermine Street, the old Roman road that runs directly north to Lincoln.
Soon after his mother goes upstairs to use the phone, he decides to open the box, revealing a happy puppy.
Zelenci was declared a nature reserve in 1992, both for its geological interest and as a home to many endangered animal and plant species.
The song won a Billboard Latin Music Award for "Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year, New Artist" and is nominated for "Song of the Year" at this year's Latin Grammy Awards.
In 2007, "The Blue Zone" debuted on the New York Times Best Seller list in the United States.
Marius  ⁇ aromskis and Waachiim Spiritwolf competed in a rematch - their third fight together - after a controversial doctor stoppage in their previous Bellator fight in May 2012.
The Taliban and al-Qaeda are indestructible terrorist groups that cause thousands of injuries and deaths among different citizens.
Most Indo-Caribbean Americans are followers of Hinduism, with a significant minority belonging to Islam, Sikhism, Jainism, Zorastrian, Christianity, Bahá' ⁇  and other religions.
Each race has between 9 and 12 obstacles that vary depending on the course.
In May 2015, after a break from politics, Weaver was named campaign manager for Sanders' presidential campaign.
Although best known for its photo booths, Photo-Me operates, sells and services a range of instant service equipment.
Starting with Judo in 1974, Erik Paulson has trained in many disciplines, including Tae Kwon Do, Boxing, JKD and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, studying first with Rorion Gracie in his garage in 1989.
One theory suggests that the grape originated in France and was brought to Monferrato in the eleventh century.
The BBR gauge is a build-operate-transfer project that has reduced the distance between Bulawayo and South Africa to 317 km. Prior to its inauguration, rail services between SA and Zimbabwe took a route about 200 km longer through Botswana.
Burks won an Oscar for his work on Hitchcock's "To Catch a Thief" (1955).
Its main object of worship is Shakyamuni, according to Encyclopedia Nipponica, and its honorific "sang ⁇ " prefix.
It's a universal story, focused on human behavior, a story about love in the face of doubt.
She was secretary general of the Norwegian Gymnastics Federation from 1995 to 2000 and became president of the Norwegian Olympic and Paralympic Committee and the Confederation of Sports in 2007.
Both works had a great influence on neoclassical architecture in Britain and on the continent.
James Treacy (born 1943) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a left cornerback for the Kilkenny senior team.
His grandmother, the 18th Duchess of Medinaceli, died in 2013 when he succeeded as the 19th Duke, his mother, who was previously heir to the dukedom, predeceased her mother in 2012.
Thomas Fearn Frist Jr. (born August 12, 1938) is an American billionaire physician and businessman.
The oldest examples can be seen in Ghent (Flanders, Belgium) and date from the 12th century: the house called "Spijker" on "Graslei" and some other Romanesque buildings in this city.
Moda Records, also known as Moda / Vanilla Records, is a record company founded by Nicky Kalliongis.
With little or no controversy, the games were considered generally successful, with the rising standard of competition among the Malaysian states.
Her mother was Keouawahine, daughter of Kauhiwawaeono of Maui by his wife, Chiefess Loe-wahine, who was in turn the daughter of State Counselor Kameeiamoku.
Sometimes it takes one person to make a difference, and Gilkey helped the world by displaying different aspects of life.
In 1897 he married Helen, daughter of D.C. Donnelly, M.L.A., who survived him with a son and a daughter.
The ministry is headed by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, who is also the Prime Minister of the Netherlands, currently Mark Rutte.
She has also worked as an actress in Boston, California and Chicago, including work with David Mamet.
When her father died, she inherited his immense wealth, but chose to abandon it to pursue her career, her fortune was held for her in a trust.
For the first time in program history, the Knights were nationally ranked after a nationally televised rout of Houston on November 5.
The group published a collection of short stories in a trade paperback called Worlds Of Fantasy.
And for every horrible moment of Dorian's life, the portrait remains a living record of his sins.
Onitsuka Tiger's first product was a basketball shoe that resembled a straw sandal in many ways.
In 1999, Samir Geagea and ten other members of the Lebanese Forces were falsely convicted of the assassination.
Ren Shang ⁇  (d.118) was the Protector General of the Western Regions under Eastern Han between 102-106.
Also, look for tags like and to guide your contributions to project articles.
The 1987-88 Japan Ice Hockey League season was the 22nd season of the Japan Ice Hockey League.
However, a poor start in the Serie A 2007-08 and a UEFA Cup elimination in the first round to FC Zurich convinced Empoli's management to sack Cagni, appointing Alberto Malesani as a replacement.
This process is similar to that followed by psychiatrists to categorize and diagnose psychiatric entities, which culminated in the DSM-IV criteria.
In all 26 matches, New Zealand won seven and lost five, with the others drawn, including several affected by the weather.
The deceased were buried with the skull or legs of a horse and with saddles, stirrups or other horse equipment.
This film also heavily influenced the music video for Son of Sam by indie artist Elliott Smith.
In August 1852 he was appointed director of military education, but the rest of his life was devoted mainly to literary pursuits.
Despite wounds, malaria and several guns destroyed from under him, he stayed at his post.
The South African government questioned the secrecy surrounding the trial and warned of the possibility of an unfavorable reaction, both in Nigeria and internationally, to the execution of the sentences.
A manor below Konjice Castle was mentioned as early as 1362, held until the 17th century by the Trebnik barons, who sold it to the Counts Tattenbach.
This video was referred to as "Band of Brothers," which covered the deployment of Marines in Iraq.
The population had been declining since the nineteenth century until a surge of economic growth occurred in 1986.
However, despite the high level of production and general solid feeling of the album, it was not a success.
Phosphorix contributed to the XCRI project, which developed a schema for course-related information.
Many Cyprididae occur in temporary water bodies and have drought-resistant eggs, mixed / parthenogenetic reproduction and the ability to swim.
Bellamy was first and foremost a country and western singer and in the late 1950s he played in a duo with Alan Klein.
Katja Kramarczyk (née Schülke) (born March 18, 1984) is a German handball player for ?.
He served as Vice Chairman of the party and at the SNP Conference in 1979, he was elected the party's senior vice-chairman (now described as deputy leader) (to leader Gordon Wilson), defeating Margo MacDonald for the post.
Schooley then asked Conacher to play with the Pittsburgh Yellow Jackets in a four-game series against his former team, the Toronto Marlies hockey team, and the Hamilton Tigers.
A referent can be different in one context than in another context.
In traditional use, the rhizome was ground in a stone mortar with a stone pestle, mixed with ripe "noni" fruit, and then used to treat severe sprains.
Thus, a 500 g packet of rye bread, legally produced in Germany, could be sold in the United Kingdom, although it was not legal under British law for a British baker to produce an identical 500 g packet of bread.
Si converted to Marxism-Leninism while studying at Ningbo Li Xinggui Junior High School, leading his classmate Luo Yang to study hard.
Lehen studied at the University of Arts, Bratislava between 1949 and 1955 under professors D.Milly, V.Hlo ⁇ n ⁇ k.
The training program was first held in August 2010, and these fellows receive ongoing guidance and mentoring.
He and his second wife were driving through the city at night in an Autobianchi A112, when a number of gunmen on motorcycles and a car forced the car off the road where it crashed into a stationary vehicle.
One minute later, explosions were set off in the area as the US base came under heavy attack from enemy 60-mm and 82-mm mortars.
Located in the unincorporated community of Highpoint, it is adjacent to the city of Largo.
Kristaps Jani ⁇ enoks (born March 14, 1983) is a Latvian professional basketball player who currently plays for BK VEF R ⁇ ga.
She discovered that Starfox did not use his abilities to influence her decision to sleep with him, but that he was responsible for her sudden infatuation with and marriage to John Jameson.
From 1807 to 1882, an "Allgemeine Zeitung" was published in Augsburg, but it is not connected to the later newspaper.
Despite the international crisis, which hits Europe and North America most, the Moroccan airport authority reports a continuous increase in passenger numbers, aircraft movements and processed cargo.
The T ⁇ kaid ⁇  Shinkansen, the world's first modern high-speed rail, opened in 1964.
This is equivalent to saying that the left global dimension is at most 1.
Hearing an American bomber nearby, Cavalieri, her husband and servants ran to the air raid shelter in the grounds, but Cavalieri and her husband were delayed because they collected her valuable jewelry from the house.
Zachary Bierk (born September 17, 1976 in Peterborough, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player.
The mountain madtom is found in fast-flowing clear riffles that are shallow, generally headwater streams.
Elsewhere, Data arrives at Yar's quarters, where she has changed to a revealing dress and throws her arms around him.
Scania N112 (known as Scania BR112 until 1984) was a transverse engine bus chassis built by the Scania division of Saab-Scania AB of Sweden between 1980 and 1988, mainly for the UK market.
Once these root causes are addressed and the process is brought under control, it is no longer necessary to use these complex and wasteful transactional systems, and they can be gradually eliminated.
Glulx is a 32-bit portable virtual machine intended for writing and playing interactive fiction.
Lady Argyll had obtained most of Queen Mary's jewels, which were left in the custody of Earl Moray when the queen was moved to Lochleven Castle in 1567.
Michelle Cruz Gonzales (born October 29, 1969 in Los Angeles, California) is a musician, author and English professor.
These mining centers were home to thousands of workers and their families from Chile, Bolivia, Peru and Argentina in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
He was elected to Parliament in 1951 to fill a vacancy caused by the death of his father.
The Kandy Clock Tower is located in the center of Kandy CBD at the intersection of Sri Dalada Veediya, S. W. R. D. Bandaranaike Mawatha and Hiragedara Mawatha.
Craig Lee (born 9 May 1977) is a Scottish professional golfer who plays on the European Tour.
Although initially Storm acted alone, she soon signed up the other members of the X-Treme X-Men as officers, forming the first legitimate mutant organization in their history.
They found the old Litchdon Street premises too cramped for their operation, and in 1989 moved the company to a site on the Roundswell Industrial Estate.
Senchus Fer n-Alban (The History of the Men of Scotland) is an Old Irish medieval text, believed to have been compiled in the 10th century.
Although he graduated in physics, he entered journalism with the encouragement of Raimundo Pereira, a friend.
The Ministry of Local Government and Rural Development announced that the official English translation of "Gaunpalika" would be "Rural municipality".
He was murdered in Palermo on September 3, 1982 on the orders of Mafia boss Salvatore Riina.
In 2013, the parasite was identified in Patagonia in both "A. mellifera" and "B. terrestris", only the second time it had been found in honeybees.
Marian Jane, who married Charles M. Kriston, and George Langstroth, who married Justine Allen, then Kim Borkowitz.
Since 1994, pressure groups in the territory have sought independence from Cameroon, and the Republic of Ambazania was formally declared by the Southern Cameroons Peoples Organisation (SCAPO) on 31 August 2006.
The barangay (ward / district) plays a key role as a planning and implementation unit of government policies, programs and activities.
Among his pupils were the English lyric tenor Heddle Nash (1894-1961) and the German baritone Willi Domgraf-Fassbaender (1897-1978).
Mkhuze Game Reserve (also spelled Mkhuze) was declared a protected area on 15 February 1912.
At Zelenci, water from the underground stream Nadi ⁇ a (originating in the Planica Valley) re-emerges through the porous bottom of a two-meter-deep lake, whose waters are noted for their deep, brilliant green.
A "ratum" ends what "is" for a just reason, while a Declaration of Nullity ends what "never really was" in the eyes of Catholic theology and matrimonial law.
Some elders assumed that the bell was thrown in a nearby quicksand in Barangay Zone III, which is now the site of the bus terminal.
Lemos returned to Portugal, bringing Pedro Vaz de Caminha's letter announcing the "discovery" of Brazil.
It is also the former home of the ECHL Augusta Lynx from 1998-2008, the Augusta Stallions of af2 from 2000-2002 and the American Indoor Football Association Augusta Colts from 2006-2008.
Michael Grattan O'Leary (February 19, 1888 - April 7, 1976) was a journalist, publisher and member of the Canadian Senate.
It is used to convert insoluble drugs such as brown heroin or crack cocaine into a water-soluble form by adding an acid such as citric, ascorbic, acetic and lactic acids.
During this period, Keetoowah was a member of the Protestant Baptist, Methodist and Presbyterian churches, and had a few Quakers.
If a new space object was detected by the detection radar's fans, then the tracking radar could be oriented to achieve lock-on and tracking.
Owned and operated by Scholars International Group (SIG), Clarion School aims to be the leading US school in the region.
In 2009, it was revived and has been held annually since, attracting over 10,000 runners.
Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasir al Saud (born 1977) is a member of the Saudi royal family who brutally murdered his servant Bandar Abdulaziz in their suite at the Landmark Hotel in London in November 2010.
Its main features include Unicode support, multiple terminal emulation (Avatar, ANSI.SYS, VT100, XTerm, and others), file transfer protocols, keyboard macros, external scripts, host mode, and a dialing directory.
The Avoiding Mass Extinctions Engine (AMEE) is a software API service and wiki that provides access to a database of information about carbon dioxide emissions from the manufacture and use of household appliances, personal transportation and consumer goods.
He ended the year with three more five-wicket hauls, which came in consecutive innings against South Africa and Sri Lanka.
The creator of the title role in Umberto Giordano's opera "Andrea Chénier", he later earned fame for his performances of Richard Wagner's music, becoming the first Italian tenor to appear at the Bayreuth Festival.
And at the same concert, they played the song for a girl in the audience named Makenzie, because her father had just died, and he always drove Makenzie to the Jonas Brothers concerts.
A dome light can also be a light attached to the ceiling of a room or building.
Their chances of winning the 2004 elections initially suffered another blow in April 2004, when several other opposition politicians combined to form the United Abkhazia alliance.
These services mainly included voice telephony services, both fixed lines and wireless phones.
Venice had dismembered the Byzantine Empire in 1204 and gradually took over land on the Adriatic - bringing it into conflict with Hungary, and land in Italy - generating a rivalry with Milan.
The play was produced as a film, which was scheduled to have its premiere as a cablecast on Multnomah County public access television cable TV on May 26, 1989.
Females are born with all their eggs, but part of egg development occurs during puberty.
The African hill babbler ("Pseudoalcippe abyssinica") is a species of bird in the Sylviidae family and it has been suggested that it be placed in the genus "Sylvia" with such familiar European
A benefit performance was held in her honor at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in 1872.
He recently starred in the West Yorkshire Playhouse and Birmingham Rep co-production of To Kill a Mockingbird.
Philips was the youngest son of Robert Philips, a merchant of The Park, Manchester, and his wife Anne "née" Needham.
There is also another more common system of division according to  ⁇  ("titles").
He then went to Munich, where he studied at the Walter Thorn Academy of Art and the Royal Bavarian Academy, among others under Nikolaos Gyzis.
In Dublin, she accepted the invitation to join Evelyn Gleeson to form the Dun Emer Guild with Susan, who was an embroiderer.
The ducks are fairly common in their limited range, they are residents all year round and do not migrate.
Work on the brick building (length 80m, height 26m) began in 1289.
A licensing scheme administered by the Postmaster General's Department was soon established, allowing certain stations to receive government funding, albeit with restrictions on their advertising content.
De Clairville wrote "Helvetische Entomologie", published in Zurich in 1798, and translated Johann Matthäus Bechstein's "Naturgeschichte der Hof- und Stubenvögel" under the title "Histoire naturelle des oiseaux de chambre" (1825).
It is located on Grampians Road, adjacent to the Grampians National Park, in the Shire of Northern Grampians local government area.
Vanderbilt was granted limited parental rights and was allowed to see her daughter Gloria on weekends in New York.
In December 1946, an agreement was signed between Westland Aircraft and Sikorsky to allow a British version of the S-51 to be manufactured under license in the UK.
He also wrote columns for the newspaper Kaleva and record reviews for Rytmi magazine.
So they usually trade at a discount and may offer higher dividends for surrendering voting rights.
Mascall was appointed bishop of the Diocese of Hereford by papal provision on 2 July and consecrated on 6 July 1404.
After art school, Ridgers went into advertising, where he worked as an art director for ten years.
Zin creates a wormhole that allows almost instant travel from the Migar solar system to ours.
However, he did not make the team and instead played in the American Basketball Association with the San Diego Conquistadors and in the Philippines.
James, with 42 catches and 43 stumps in the first-class matches, was also singled out for praise by Wisden.
Before signing with Adams State, Craig broke some of Craig Mottram's junior records over 1500 meters in his state in Australia and won National All Schools titles over 800 meters.
After privatization, JR companies tried to improve their services, some of them were successful.
In the UK, WOMEN! was broadcast on BBC Two from 20 October 2011.
After breaking his feudal oath, however, Lembeck is said to have been besieged by the king's host.
The Dallas Chess Club (DCC) is one of the largest chess organizations in the United States and a gold affiliate with the United States Chess Federation.
What was supposed to be a campaign lasting only months, evolved into the Nine Years' War.
Vasia Loi (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ ) born in 1977 in Germany is a Greek top fashion model, journalist and television presenter.
It includes many facilities, such as the ski resort (with other facilities, besides ski), the Teineyama Ropeway and the "Sapporo Teine Golf Club" fields.
Waiting for a more convenient moment to attack Zaragoza turned out to be a grave mistake, as in the meantime Franco's forces became more powerful there and made it impossible to reclaim the city Abel Paz, "ibidem", page 485.
She did not work alone, however, but in close consultation with Braso and another former tsarist officer, General G. J. Sosnowsky.
He is a graduate of Northwestern University in Chicago and currently lives in Los Angeles.
From its founding until 1995, the BYU Cougars women's soccer club competed in the Western National Collegiate Club Soccer Association (NCCSA).
While event champions during the first six seasons did not initially receive a bracelet, the WPT presented them with a bracelet at a special event at the Bellagio in Las Vegas on April 21, 2008.
The team played in the Serie D seasons 2007-08 and 2008-09 and played in Eccellenza Campania until the end of the 2010-11 season.
Dorothy Layton (August 13, 1912 - June 4, 2009) was an American film actress of the early 1930s.
The brick structure in the background used to house radiators for the gas-powered electric generator in the casemate next door.
Rachael Padman (born Russell Padman in 1954) is an Australian-born transgender woman and lecturer in physics at Cambridge University, England.
Demeter was the goddess of fertility, she presided over the course of the seasons and the fertility of the earth.
Wang also realized that it was extremely difficult to replicate such extraordinary experiences under controlled scientific conditions.
In the township, the population was spread with 13.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 44.7% from 25 to 44, 24.3% from 45 to 64, and 7.9% who were 65 years or older.
The sustainability features of the property include curtain wall technology, motion sensors on lighting controls, low-flow plumbing fixtures, a high-efficiency heating and cooling plant, and a "green" roof with 30% of its surface planted.
The back of the tablet (with 23 lines) lists 17 different divinities that the local Samnite population was at any stage devoted to.
He was governor of several provinces, most notably Britannia, where he hosted a visit to the province by Emperor Hadrian in his last year.
Juan Fernández (born in Cordova, died in Japan on June 12, 1567) was a Spanish Jesuit lay brother and missionary.
The first single, "Bugs", from the album was released on January 26, 2011, and the band toured extensively in the US and Europe to support the record.
The barangay is named after the Hindang (Anubing) tree, a tree reaching a height of about 30 meters and a diameter of about 100 centimeters.
The name of the settlement was changed from "Gradi ⁇ e" to "Gradi ⁇ e pri Trebnjem" in 1953.
She wrote introductions to Kate O'Brien and Molly Keane's novels and adapted Molly Keane's novel Good Behaviour as a classic serial for BBC R4 (2004).
The Hilton Cleveland Downtown Hotel is a skyscraper on the corner of Ontario Street and Lakeside Avenue along The Mall in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.
In 1898, the New Era Baptist State Convention split from the ACBSC, and another split in 1920 spawned the New Era Progressive State Convention.
On the real show in 1988, as a takeoff on the installation of lights at Wrigley Field, Carson ceremoniously installed a light on the edge of the set so de Cordova could finally be seen.
The 1920-21 Ligue Magnus season was the seventh season of the Ligue Magnus, the top level of ice hockey in France.
The engine is mounted in pusher configuration behind the cockpit, with the tail boom running under the propeller.
He is known for a number of basic contributions to quantum field theory, including work on what is now called the 't Hooft-Polyakov monopole in non-abelian gauge theory, independent of Gerard 't Hooft.
Carlo Alberto dalla Chiesa (27 September 1920-3 September 1982) was an Italian general, known for the campaign against terrorism in the 1970s in Italy.
While waiting to hear from the kidnappers, Holly and Laura have a heart-to-heart about their children and their involvement with Luke, and finally they make peace with each other.
The center caters to all kinds of performing arts, including classical music, jazz and popular studies, vocal instruction, acting and musical theater.
Notable for her beauty, she also mastered the three main sports of Mongolia - Mongolian wrestling, horse racing and archery - and was famous for defeating men on the battlefield and in the wrestling match.
The diffraction formula uses Kirchhoff's integral theorem to calculate the wave disturbance when a spherical wave passes through an opening in an opaque screen.
Historian Alexandru Madgearu also linked six 11th and 12th century churches excavated near Mureş at Cenad, Pâncota, Săvârşin, Miniş, Mocrea and Sz ⁇ reg.
The two water-cooled engines in the C.101 and C.103 produced speeds of and respectively, the former faster than the more powerful C.107 and the latter only slightly faster than the lowest-powered C.104.
The archives of the request page, begun in September 2010, were discontinued in September this year, as maintenance was too time-consuming for the few who managed the page.
She was 21 when she created her first quilt, "Nocturn Regalis," and 23 when she completed her last quilt, "Alchemy."
The 2005 prize fund was $ 2.5 million, which was the second largest in women's golf that year after the US Women's Open, and in 2006 it was $ 3 million.
Cyril E. Marfleet Battle bought another 870 acres of surrounding land (1871-1877) from Matthew Cowper, Earl Melbourne.
The North American English dub producer, Funimation Entertainment, divided the series into four "seasons", each composing their own story arc, which they refer to as sagas.
It toured (but not continuously) and played short London seasons of Gilbert and Sullivan operas and a few continental operettas, also issuing some popular recordings.
Code written in EDL can contain classes, structures, functions, enumerations, data types and many other C++ features.
Librarians are trained to help members of the public use tools like Wikipedia as part of lifelong learning.
Born and raised in Grimsby, a small historic town on England's east coast famous for its fishing industry, Lee MacDougall was still a child when he realized he wanted to be a musician.
Aladdin returns to Hassim, but fears that he may be killed after Hassim takes the lamp away from him, and so he refuses to give it to him.
According to oral tradition, the Caliphate gave permission to the inhabitants to cultivate vineyards and make wine.
The region is also known as the Gyp Hills, because of the large natural deposits of gypsum in this area.
A language can have thousands of speakers and still be moribund if language learning abruptly stopped in a large people group.
Since he did not have the two years of college needed to enter the Air Cadet training program, Chilstrom enlisted in the US Army Air Corps to train as an aircraft mechanic.
The more advanced and slightly later Madiganella may have been a fair swimmer, as indicated by the hyponomic sinus, and may have been an active stalker with a horizontal orientation.
In 2004, a book by Paul Fryer and Olga Usova was published, "Lina Cavalieri - The Life of Opera's Greatest Beauty, 1874-1944".
Hedley John Howarth (born 25 December 1943) is a former international cricketer who played 30 tests and nine one-day internationals for New Zealand.
The Warren Street Bypass was first planned in 1949 as a widening of Warren Street in Reading leading to a new bridge over Tulpehocken Creek to Wyomissing.
In 2004, the International Committee of Young Fine Gael relaunched the magazine as an online, PDF version dealing with the internal workings of the YFG International Committee and also as a forum for debate on international affairs.
Bangoura was a member of the Guinea squad for the 2006 African Nations Cup, where the team was eliminated in the quarter-finals.
Inside the lamp lives a genie who can grant any wish to the young boy who wants to marry Princess Leila.
In his subsequent trial, he pleaded not guilty, stating that a higher moral law required him to continue anti-nuclear activism rather than go to prison.
It consists of several different rail lines acquired from CSX and Norfolk Southern and originally operated as divisions of the South Carolina Central Railroad.
Also at the end of the film there is a strong emphasis on redemption by religion (in a milder way than in the episodes covering her youth), while Van Eeden (who was a psychiatrist) at least equally strongly emphasizes the role of psychoanalysis.
Amanda Trunzo (born August 30, 1989) is a former women's ice hockey player from Minnesota.
She underwent a sex change in 1982 when she was awarded a PhD in astronomy.
This system allows countries to progress and for a wider range of athletes to compete against opposition they may not normally face.
The easternmost lake is the smallest of the three, about three miles long and a mile wide.
He brings a lone mutant survivor (a purple-haired, tentacled elderly woman) who explains how she survived the disaster as a young girl.
The cargo ship was bombed and damaged off Dunkerque, Nord, France by Luftwaffe aircraft with the loss of 18 lives.
Gilkey pursued his interest in photography in the mid-1980s when he went to study photojournalism at Oregon State and was a photojournalist for The Daily Barometer, the OSU student newspaper, but he did not complete his studies.
In 2001, he covered the trail of conflict diamonds in Sierra Leone, DR Congo and Angola for National Geographic magazine, along with writer Andrew Cockburn.
Each simulated robot player can have its own play strategy and characteristic, and each simulated team actually consists of a collection of programs.
In Iraq, the Islamic Help Baghdad office is located in the Abu Hanifa Mosque, which was for a long time a major center of the Sunni insurgency that occurred there.
Cimpress N.V. is a Dutch company that manufactures customized products for businesses, graphic professionals and consumers.
Seventeen (17) years later, the Spanish chronicler Miguel de Loarca noted that Sugut was one of the indigenous villages of Leyte, together with Cabalian (San Juan), Ormog (Ormoc City) and Tandaya (Carigara).
Charles-Roux served on the boards of directors of Compagnie Générale Transatlantique, Compagnie Fraissinet, Companie des Messageries Maritimes, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Canada, Compagnie des Correspondances Fluviales du Canada
For the last twenty-five years, he has become one of the leading authorities on Elvis Presley, authoring and self-publishing over forty book titles on the subject.
Its signal reaches as far north as some parts of southern New Hampshire and as far south as Providence, Rhode Island.
Its 2D performance was measured as excellent, beating its peers such as the S3 ViRGE-based and ATI Mach64-based video cards.
The opening of the retail hub moved several businesses away from downtown Dover, including JCPenney, which became an anchor store at the mall.
Ashe was the brother of MPs John Ashe, Edward Ashe and Sir Joseph Ashe.
The chemistry, romance, class, sexiness and charm of this couple will delight millions of fans in the coming years.
Nicknamed "La Garrobita", Pineda played for  ⁇ guila in the Barraza Kinder era in the mid-1970s.
It wasn't until 1949 that Burks evolved into a full-time production cinematographer with his photography in "The Fountainhead" (1949).
These included a manned lunar base, a space station, the Grand Tour and the original "Voyager (Mars) program" of Mars Lander probes.
The text is surrounded by marginal commentary, and it is the only one that has both text and commentary in capital script.
A full-scale sailing replica of this schooner, the tall ship "Lynx", was built in Rockport, Maine in 2001 and then operated in California.
A product of the C.F. Monterrey youth system, Ismael debuted in the Mexican First Division on July 21, 2001 in a game against UNAM Pumas.
In the mid-20th century, linguistic issues were prominent in the successive mandates of Edwin Morris (who did not speak Welsh) and Glyn Simon (who sympathized with advocates of the use of the Welsh language).
This lasted until 1945, when the current Wyoming 59 and 387 routes emerged.
Christian mercenaries are sometimes accused of letting the Almohads enter the city in exchange for the "Am ⁇ n", a sacred safe passage.
The racial composition of the township was 97.60% white, 0.16% African American, 1.20% Native American, 0.40% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.08% from other races and 0.56% from two or more races.
Aw is also the only actress to win in this category four times, surpassing Rui En who has three wins.
Antonio Coronel was 17 years old when he came to California with his parents in 1834.
He later finds out that the Wind Tribe has moved, built a home in the clouds, and they keep the Wind Element in their Palace of Winds.
The Railroad Track Maintenance Tax Credit, also known as the 45G Tax Credit, is a federal income tax credit for track maintenance conducted by shortlines and regional railroads in the United States.
Liane Carroll (born February 9, 1964, London) is an English pianist, keyboardist and singer.
A number of individuals were elected under other grouping names, including lawyer Jason Yat-Sen Li ("A Multi-Cultural Voice") and Misha Schubert (Republic4U-The Youth Ticket).
Mike Long is generally credited with keeping the Republican caucus in the majority, which held a 30-20 advantage at its peak.
He started taking his first photos with a small 35mm point-and-shoot camera while spending one as an exchange student in New Jersey.
John Ross Gillespie (born 2 June 1935 in Timaru) is a former New Zealand field hockey player who twice represented his native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1960 and 1964.
Buena Suerte, or more commonly known as Zone II, is one of the eighteen barangays in the municipality of El Nido in the province of Palawan in the Philippines.
The commission was chaired by Paul Quilès and hearings took place between March 24 and July 9, 1998.
However, DNA fingerprinting at the University of California, Davis, showed that the actual "Douce Noire" and "Charbono" vines are not, in fact, Dolcetto, but two different vines.
Takarazuka Station ( ⁇ ) is a railway station in Takarazuka, Japan, operated by Hankyu Railway.
It was selected to compete for the Golden Bear in the main competition section of the 67th Berlin International Film Festival.
World Cleanup Day is a global social action program aimed at tackling the global solid waste problem, including the problem of marine debris.
He signed his first professional contract with the club in May 2017, signing until the summer of 2018.
The Great Helen ("Papilio iswara", is a species of large swallowtail butterfly found in parts of Asia.
The current first team sponsor is the Hogshead Bar in Omagh, with the second sponsored by Subway.
Where Eros serves as the superhero Starfox, he (and the universe) is opposed by his mad brother, the supervillain Thanos.
In just her first season as head coach, Timchal led her team to the NCAA final and a 14-3 record.
Artabazus (in Greek  ⁇ ) (fl. 389 BC-329 BC) was a Persian general and satrap.
He developed a passion for comics and, at the age of 14, he sent a page to "Journal de Spirou" that was published in a page reserved for new talents.
Her relationship with Beirut is beyond existential, and she is committed to an eternal love with Beirut.
Because Gorbachev lifted the censorship, many underground rock bands, including Gorky Park, were able to gain wider popularity.
In 2016, Pardlo accepted a tenure-track faculty position with the English department at his alma mater, Rutgers University-Camden.
John Sampson was born and grew up in Northern Ireland, probably of Scottish or Border English descent.
The end-around is a play in American football in which an end or wide receiver crosses the backfield to the opposite end of the line and receives a handoff directly from the quarterback.
Ricardo Cawaling, Jr., popularly known as JR Cawaling (born August 15, 1987) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Kia PBA team in the Philippine Basketball Association.
Throughout the 1980s, Katz illustrated for the Davar daily until its demise, and for the short-lived The Nation, creating daily comic strips in both.
The British agreed, and Southern Cameroons became an autonomous region with its capital still in Buea.
In November 1911, Schütz was dissatisfied with the editorial standards of the Vienna newspaper Neue Freie Presse after they had exaggerated the effects of a recent, rather harmless, earthquake.
A sighted guide is a person who guides a person with blindness or partial sight.
In 1903, Saibara moved to Texas, where he started the first Japanese-Christian colony in Texas.
Graver's memoir, "Making Movies with Orson Welles," co-written by Andrew J. Rausch, was published by Scarecrow Press in 2008.
It is nestled in the historic strip of Manila, known for its cultural and economic vigor.
Robert Samuel Kraemer (October 21, 1928 - August 20, 2013) was an American aerospace engineer who served as Director of Planetary Programs at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from 1971 to 1976.
Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa (Saluzzo, 27 September 1920 - Palermo, 3 September 1982) was an Italian Carabinieri general known for his campaign against terrorism in the 1970s in Italy and was later assassinated by a member of the
Scott Turner, born September 23, 1975, was a 27-year-old fine art student from Liverpool.
It remains fully active at temperatures down to, but becomes inactive when it drops to.
Trained in the youth system of C.F. Monterrey, Ismael debuted in the Mexican First Division on July 21, 2001 in a game against UNAM Pumas.
Vitamix is a company that makes powerful, expensive blenders for home and commercial use, including food service.
This year he appeared for the first time in an important Italian opera house, the Teatro Dal Verme in Milan, where he sang (in an indicator of things to come) the main tenor role in Wagner's "Lohengrin".
Fusion occurs when the nuclei of two atoms approach closely enough for the nuclear force to pull them together into a single larger nucleus.
Born in Los Angeles, California, he graduated from the University of Southern California Law School and began in the film business as an assistant director to Tod Browning in 1920, and honed his skills at the Hal Roach Studios for the rest of that decade.
In mid-1978, Guthrie received a request from Pink Floyd manager Steve O'Rourke to meet with him about potential production projects.
An infected Terran usually loses most of his intelligence and sanity, as his mind is consumed by the Zerg.
Albert Robinson is an American rapper who has earned buzz with mixtapes like 2010's Somethin da Hood Made and those in his Everyday June 30th series.
At the, Hamilton and Rosberg locked the front row for the seventh time in 2014.
The duo was praised for their songwriting and vocal performances, while the album received mixed responses for its production, cohesion, multiple genres and guest features.
Hämeenmaa will conduct sea trials on her new systems until the end of 2008, when operational readiness is achieved.
Lessons from my patients in the art of medicine is the story of Ofri practicing medicine in small towns across America, then returning to teach and practice at Bellevue Hospital, America's oldest public hospital.
In Turkey, Muhaf ⁇ zgücü is one of three clubs that have won national championships in football, basketball and volleyball.
Aimo Mäenpää (born 30 January 1937) is a Finnish former wrestler who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Fairmont Hot Springs is home to HooDoo, which are sandstone cliffs with hiking trails.
Culture lovers will enjoy the bustling Ottoman era pazars, and you can relax after a long day at a seafood restaurant overlooking the Mediterranean.
Mattia Montini (born February 28, 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for the Italian Serie B club Juve Stabia on loan from Benevento.
He was heir to a financial empire as well as a convicted felon and founder of the Moody Gardens resort complex.
John L. "Jack" Gibson (September 10, 1880-October 7, 1955) was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame as a builder in 1976.
In 2010, Time ranked "La Jetée" first on its list of "Top 10 Time Travel Movies."
The album was promoted by the single Suburban Homeboy: it did not chart either.
As a councilor, Smith was particularly concerned about environmental issues, and she won the United Nations Program Award for Citizen Action to Protect the Global Environment.
Service Flying Training Schools provided advanced training to pilots who had graduated from basic flight training schools (EFTSs).
The doctor befriends and trusts Gil, despite his superior's attempts to prevent their friendship.
Factors promoting the differentiation of M cells have not yet been elucidated, but they are thought to develop in response to signals from immune cells found in developing Peyer's patches.
Bird reformed the band in the 1990s, performing at small venues in England and recording several demos for a new album that was never released.
The NL, who had dominated the All-Star Games in the last 2 years, seemed to be pulling away in the third inning against the AL Cy Young Award winner David Cone (of the Royals).
Injury-induced stem cell niches are defined as cellular microenvironments that are generated during tissue injury, these environments are triggered by injury and local responses of support cells and allow for the possibility of repair by endogenous or transplanted neural stem cells.
It was the first meeting of these two great sides since 1947 and "the cats" were installed as firm favorites.
The western part of the bridge is in the park's boundary in DeKalb County.
Less than three months after its release, "John Wesley Harding" was certified 3xplatinum by the RIAA.
The Scorched Peanut Bar was an Australian candy bar that contained peanuts baked in toffee and surrounded by chocolate.
Thenol is ruled by Trandamere, bishop of the evil god Hiddukel (called Hiteh or Hith in Taladas), with the help of huge armies of undead.
A CSM would then be able to dock with the second stage and enter the now empty fuel tanks, providing a space workshop.
Its concept is based on the stories of "Space Trilogy" and "The Chronicles of Narnia" by C.S. Lewis.
An 8-year study found that the consumption of three flavonols (kaempferol, quercetin and myricetin) was correlated with a lower risk of pancreatic cancer among current smokers, but not non-smokers and ex-smokers
Vladislav Khomutov (born June 4, 1998 in Donetsk, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.
After Ben Heppner dropped out of the ongoing Metropolitan Opera "Ring Cycle", it was announced in February 2011 that Lehman will sing Siegfried in both "Siegfried" in October 2011 and "Gotterdammerung" in January 2012.
The Aermacchi SF.260 is a light aircraft marketed as an aerobatic and military trainer.
Kota Iskandar (formerly Johor State New Administrative Center (JSNAC)) is an administrative center for the state government of Johor, Malaysia.
Within 3 decades of settlement, by 1896, of the estimated 3,000 Aborigines belonging to the 3 tribes, only 100 remained.
The highway then intersects with US Highway 377 (US 377), where it becomes a six-lane divided highway.
Together with his wife, Tsakalotos maintains two homes in Kifisia, along with an office in Athens and a holiday home in Preveza, courtesy of a large estate belonging to Tsakalotos' father.
Press Start does not take any money for administrative fees, these fees are covered out of pocket from the directors as their contribution or by fundraising events held throughout the year with any surplus going to the purchase of more toys.
Most of its members followed Formigoni into the United Christian Democrats (CDU) in 1995.
After the death of Maximillian Colby, Sleepytime Trio was started with Drew Ringo (lead singer and guitarist of Maximillian Colby) on guitar and vocals, Ben Davis on bass guitar and vocals, and Jonathan Fuller on drums.
Ismael de Jes ⁇ s Rodr ⁇ guez Vega (born January 10, 1981 in Ciudad Madero, Tamaulipas) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Club América in the Mexican First Division.
Consequently, this transition causes rural populations to feel less ignored, better connected with rural diaspora and significantly more empowered.
At the end of the series, Wentian faces Wanxin in a final fight-to-death to end his brother's rampage.
Bread is crucial for the Kosovar people, almost every dish is eaten with bread.
Past tasks included chromatography, titration and qualitative analysis, and 90 minutes are allotted to complete the two experiments.
In Gaul, they were shouted down by assemblies of derisive citizens in full armor.
Natalina "Lina" Cavalieri (December 25, 1875 - February 7, 1944) New York Times-9 February 1944 was an Italian opera soprano singer and monologuist.
The Scorched Peanut Bar was an Australian candy bar that contained peanuts baked in toffee and covered in chocolate.
The center caters to all kinds of performing arts, including classical music, jazz and popular studies, vocal instruction, acting and musical theater.
Norman combines academic work with clinical practice at Maudsley Hospital, specialising in the treatment of people with complex anxiety disorders and/or depression.
According to music critics, Kid606's sound is mainly influenced by Ismail YK, a pioneer Turkish electro-music artist.
Gemco was an American, particularly California chain of membership department stores that was owned by San Leandro-based Lucky Stores, a California supermarket company that was acquired in the 1980s by American Stores Company, which was later acquired by Albertsons in 1999.
In stereo speakers, sound from one speaker reaches both ears, although at different levels and with a delay between one ear and another, since the speaker is placed off-center.
She is the daughter of Jean Epperson Glasscock and James Glasscock, who owned and operated the Alpine Avalanche from 1954 to 1974.
Three Ring Records is an award-winning label based in the San Francisco / Bay Area in Northern California.
The village is located near Shamakhy city (the former capital of Azerbaijan during the Shirvanshah government).
In 1787 he was given a post in the government service in Brussels, where he was on the commission charged with reforming church affairs.
They form on individual short stalks and easily become airborne when the colony is disturbed, their size places them well within the respirable size range for particles (Lippman 2001), meaning that they can deposit deeply in the lungs when inhaled.
An officially extinct species, the only (endemic) records of the species were from the Wet Tropics rainforests of north-east Queensland, Australia.
Due to their early history when education streams were few or non-existent, some early schools (which were mostly private at the time) were composed of levels reaching and including universities at times.
These awards are given by the Academy body and are judged by past "Silver" award winners within the industry.
Weatherford has carefully analyzed the role of Mongol women in the Mongol Empire, whose history is mostly unknown.
The head capsule is a little longer than it is wide and has a large pair of mandibles.
One day, while doing the wedding dress rehearsal, Bill (played by David Carradine) finds out that Kiddo is still alive and appeared unannounced at the wedding rehearsal.
Drafted from the Ontario Hockey League's Sudbury Wolves, Adduono debuted with Buffalo's American Hockey League affiliate, the Rochester Americans, in the 1999-2000 season.
This adaptation is associated with developmental patterns such as high birth weight, increased lung volumes, increased breathing and higher resting metabolism.
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,412 people, 995 households and 826 families living in the CDP.
For most of that time, its headquarters was located on the present site of the Faculty of Chemistry of the University of Belgrade, on Students' Square.
Was supposed to be held at Coliseo in Cayey, Puerto Rico on November 17, 2007, but never materialized.
After losing his re-election, Scherle served as deputy administrator for the United States Department of Agriculture from 1975 to 1977.
It is an unconventional system and its sediments were deposited during a long period of flooding during the middle to late Cretaceous.
As part of an administrative reform, Steglitz was merged with its neighbor Zehlendorf to form the new borough Steglitz-Zehlendorf.
He was a member of the Kenyan 4X400m relay team, reaching the final and finishing eighth.
It is located on the Vembanad Lake known as Kochi Lake and has a population of over 10,000.
According to Soccer Buzz, she was rated as the number two international recruit for the 2006 class.
Other substances existing in "P. incarnata" include mono- and polysaccharides, amino acids and essential oils (Krenn L., 2006).
The distinction is that the SIDS program is specifically aimed at HPV chemicals, while the chemicals selected for EU RARs are chosen more on the basis of a hazard profile and thus include chemicals with much lower production volumes.
George Richard James Hennessy, 1st Baron Windlesham OBE (23 March 1877-8 October 1953), was a British soldier and Conservative politician.
Archeological evidence of Native Americans was found in arrowheads and spearheads near the shores of Lake Pleasant.
Moyle District Council is a local council in County Antrim in the northeast of Northern Ireland.
In late August 2009, after completing the pre-season with Málaga - he even started and scored in a 1-3 loss against Atlante F.C. in the Peace Cup - Luque was released and soon moved to Real Murcia, on a free transfer.
John Bracken, PC (June 22, 1883 - March 18, 1969) was an agronomist, premier of Manitoba (1922-1943) and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada (1942-1948).
Dumitru Bucşaru sold almost the entire team during the first half of the championship, Unirea now plays with loan players from Steaua II Bucureşti and Dinamo II Bucureşti.
The 2011 Assen Superleague Formula round, also known as the 2011 Superleague Formula GP Holland, was a Superleague Formula round held on June 5, 2011, at the TT Circuit Assen, Assen, Netherlands.
Originally named "The Triton Times", it is published twice a week during the regular academic year, usually Mondays and Thursdays.
An appearance at the famous Sunbury Pop Festival of 1975 led to a tour with AC/DC and Chuck Berry as his backing band.
Margaret E. Martin (May 6, 1912 - May 16, 2012) was an economist and statistician at the US Bureau of the Budget from 1942 to 1973.
Alexander Coe and John Digweed, better known as Sasha + Digweed, are a pair of DJs.
The company secured sponsorship from Sir Michael Bishop, who later became chairman of the board of trustees, and BMI British Midland Airways (of which Bishop is chairman).
The biggest threat to the Faye family's succession to the thrones of Sine and Saloum was the Joof family, with whom they have a long feudal relationship, according to and.
Warragul's guernsey was originally black with a red V, until 2000 when the guernsey was changed to the current colors of teal, white, red and black.
This is consistent with the text of Tikunei haZohar, which has a different dialect and much less stylistic variation than the rest of the Zohar, which was written by Rabbi Shimon together with other Tannaim.
Although Borgatti continued to sing some Italian opera roles after 1896, earning particular fame in Verdi operas and certain verismo compositions, he soon fell under the spell of Wagner's music.
He made his debut for Afghanistan against Japan in the 2008 World Cricket League Division Five, where he made five appearances.
She also made some television appearances, including a guest role with Estelle Winwood on ABC's "The Donna Reed Show" in the episode "Miss Lovelace Comes to Tea" (1959).
In 2003 she recorded her first solo album, Billy No Mates, released on Splash Point Records.
Of its 36 tracks, 13 had not been released before, and nine contain all of the group's Top 40 hits from the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Samuel Trives (born November 8, 1972 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish handball player who currently plays for BM Alcobendas of the Liga Allianz Asobal.
Various body styles were offered, including four-door sports limousines and two-door cabriolets / roadster.
After 27 years of Roman Catholic rule and successful counter-reformation work, after the defeat of Frederick V in 1620, the arrival of the Protestant army was not welcome.
Peter 'Banter' Goddard (born September 3, 1945) is a mathematical physicist who works in string theory and conformal field theory.
The film was distributed theatrically in North America by Paramount Pictures, which had previously released another Hanna-Barbera film, "Charlotte's Web", nine years earlier.
It is noteworthy that proton-conducting DESs (e.g., the mixture of imidazolium methanesulfonate and 1H-1,2,4-triazole in a 1:3 mole ratio) have also found applications as proton conductors
The BTP is open to all UVa PhD students in any science or engineering department at UVa.
He played on singles from "Body Electric" to "Temple of Love", despite some people believing he was there only for live purposes.
Gloria Morgan was the daughter of Chilean / American Laura Delphine Kilpatrick and her husband Harry Hays Morgan, an American diplomat who served as US consul in Buenos Aires, Argentina and Brussels, Belgium.
These were replaced by the highest scoring male and female teams from the "First League".
The Vagelos Program in Molecular Life Sciences (MLS), The Vagelos Program in Life Sciences and Management (LSM) and The Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER).
The Persians lost about 30,000 in the siege, but Shapur II advanced further and took Singara and some other fortresses in the following years.
Fortunately, Electric Eve fried the policemen before they could do more harm, and the surviving cops had their memories completely erased by the angry postman.
By its strict definition, committing a venal act does not imply "stealing" or "lying," but rather suggests a consensual arrangement, perhaps without conscience or regard for consequences, but is not synonymous with stealing.
He is the current WMC Intercontinental Muay Thai champion and a semi-finalist on the reality show "The Contender Asia".
He became a traveling salesman or "peddler" traveling throughout Pennsylvania on horseback selling household items to housewives and made a respectable living.
The 2016-17 Slovenian First League (known as the "Liga NLB" for sponsorship reasons) was the 26th season of the 1.
In 1936, ADGB was abolished as a command, with the bombing area becoming Bomber Command and the fighting area becoming Fighter Command responsible for the ADGB function.
The wingspan is about 25 mm. The ground color of the forewings is ferruginous cream, with brownish strigulae (fine streaks) and dots.
Neural oscillations are also thought to be involved in the sense of time and in somatosensory perception.
It was created with the help of staff from the Derwent Valley Light Railway at the Yorkshire Agricultural Museum, with a cast of children and adults from theatre company We Are Theatre, and also beneath the magnificent stained glass window in Durham Town Hall.
The song "Chu Chu Chu" from "It B1A4" was used as an intro for the comeback week performances.
In the city, the population was distributed with 17.2% under the age of 18, 13.8% from 18 to 24, 13.8% from 25 to 44, 27.6% from 45 to 64, and 27.6% who were 65 years or older.
There is also a daily southbound service from Monday to Friday from Mansfield Woodhouse directly to Norwich, but there is no return train.
This situation was partly due to the lack of a formal librarian, and other problems were due to lack of funds during the early decades of the University's history.
The group seems to contain six members, but one of the galaxies is a background object and another "galaxy" is actually a separated part of one of the other galaxies.
While Akadama is more expensive than alternative soil components, it is valued by many growers for its ability to retain water and nutrients while still providing porosity and free drainage.
Influenced by reports from private detectives as well as family servants, members of the powerful Vanderbilt family believed that Gloria was a bad influence and neglectful of her daughter and a custody battle erupted that made national headlines in 1934.
In the late 1800s, when the railway lines reached Bloemfontein, there was a high influx into the town.
The event took place at Egilshöll in Reykjavik, Iceland, from January 31 to February 3, 2012.
Smuggler's mother is Hall of Fame champion Thoroughbred Inside Information, and her father was champion Kentucky Derby winner Unbridled.
Somewhat to the consternation of Keith's friends, he and Jack sail (Keith received a quick lesson in navigation) with little regard for paperwork.
The paper's executive board responded to the crisis by reorganizing the business department and reducing the pay of its student staff.
In 1960, after Kirchherr and Vollmer had argued with Voormann, he wandered down the Reeperbahn (in the St. Pauli district of Hamburg) and heard music from the Kaiserkeller club.
An officially extinct species, apparently it was only found (endemic) in the wet tropics rainforests of north-east Queensland, Australia.
In addition, both double-handed and single-handed F16s race each other to be the first to cross the line.
Believing in the power of theater to bring about change for young people, educator and director Nick Ho, teams up with social enterprise L Plus H Creations with ambitions to put on a musical.
It was rebroadcast in two-hour parts on the mornings of December 24 and 25, 2011.
The new building will be three-storey, with a total floor area of 18,800 square meters.
Adriana Arce, "Rubio to serve time in prison," Laredo Morning Times, March 13, 2003 Rubio Sr. was released on November 24, 2006, after three and a half years of confinement.
The project is LEED certified and has extensive use of glass to create three slim modern towers from a four-story concrete pedestal base.
A wealthy but frustrated car executive is mistaken for unemployed by a young woman.
At Canterbury Christ Church University, Kent, England, Hamnett is the Director of Percussion Studies and the Musical Director of the Big Band.
The defensive chain placed across the river was at its lowest point practically nine feet (about three meters) under the water between its supports, due to its weight, so it was still possible for light ships to pass it.
He incorporated the Ulaid sub-kingdom of Conaille Muirtheimne and the Midhe sub-kingdom of Fir Arda Ciannachta into his kingdom during the period of instability that saw provincial armies repeatedly cross the area, multiple divisions
The House of Bourbon du Maine was an illegitimate branch of the direct House of Bourbon, being thus part of the Capetian dynasty.
In 1981 he founded Cantiere Navale dell'Adriatico, located in the maritime cluster of Marche, Italy.
It is bordered in the north by Aldansky Ulus, in the east by Tattinsky and Tomponsky Uluses, in the south by Ust-Maysky and Amginsky Uluses, and in the west by Megino-Kangalassy
He teaches systematic review of health care research literature to postgraduate students and aspects of mental health nursing to undergraduates at King's College London.
On that day, the company ceased to exist as a legal entity within Groupe Air France.
He was born in the province of Cadiz in 1728 and died in Rota, Cadiz, in 1806.
The incident was affected by a flood in 2006 and was out of service for a few months.
Nicole Katherine Ohlde (born March 13, 1982 in Clay Center, Kansas) is an American professional basketball player.
Dollis Hill House was a 19th-century farmhouse located in the north London suburb of Dollis Hill, on the northern boundary of Gladstone Park.
Another example would be when a client initially requests 8 bytes, memory is allocated in 8 byte blocks, but the program only needs 6 bytes, then the remaining 2 bytes remain unused. The waste of extra space that results from improper memory allocation is called internal fragmentation.
Peter never fell into a particular school, but exhibited at times with artists associated with the Brotherhood of Ruralists, as, like Peter, many of the group were represented by Godfrey Pilkington's Piccadilly Gallery in the 70s and 80s.
Ralph Lester Shaw, (born 1926, Cold Lake, Alberta) is a Canadian retired school principal, active fisherman and conservationist.
He is best known for his investigations at Cahokia, the major center of ancient Mississippian culture in the American Bottom area of Illinois near St. Louis, Missouri.
Like its predecessor, the Dornier Do 17, it inherited the title "The Flying Pencil" because of its slim fuselage.
Creative Partnerships was the government's flagship creative learning program, established in 2002 to develop young people's creativity across England.
In Commonwealth armies, "company" or "squadron" is a designation that depends on the corps, by tradition, some corps call their companies squadrons (and the Royal (Australian) Artillery calls them batteries).
Sustained by an export boom of automobiles, heavy machinery, high-tech products and electronics, and heavy weapons, per capita income increased by as much as 20 times.
For most of them, from their beginnings in radio and until the 1980s, their shows were recorded in the mythic "Studio 17" of the Buttes-Chaumont studios in Paris.
In addition to Albert's ongoing pro bono "legal work and efforts to support Los Angeles" cultural institutions, he also supports assistance efforts for homeless, ill and impoverished individuals and families through his church's relief organizations.
James Hall constantly lies to his wife, played by Irene Delroy, to hide escapades.
Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is an anarchist Greek urban guerilla group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
The median income for a household in the city was $21,563, and the median income for a family was $33,750.
The ground floor of the house, which served as a retail space, also underwent numerous changes throughout the 19th and 20th centuries.
The majority of people currently work in nearby towns and cities such as Pondicherry, Tindivanam, Chennai and even as far as Bangalore.
It refers to a cooling rack used by royal bakers, where sweet treats would be laid out for "choice".
Wugu Township ( ⁇ ; POJ: Ngó  ⁇  -kó  ⁇ ) is a rural township in the western part of Taipei County in northern Taiwan (ROC).
One population, "A. fulvigula maculosa" (Mottled Duck), lives on the Gulf of Mexico coast between Alabama and Tamaulipas (Mexico); outside the breeding season, individual birds can go as far south as Veracruz.
The Canton of La Trinité is a former canton in the Arrondissement of La Trinité on Martinique.
The provision of student life on campus is relatively poor, with the highlight being a gym offering both free weights, resistance weights and cardiovascular equipment in addition to a limited service of dance classes including capoeira (a Brazilian form of martial arts) and physiotherapy.
Asylum seekers/migrants, now accompanied by police groups, advanced along the edge of the main highway to the capital.
The Gambia Cricket Association is the official governing body of cricket in Gambia and operates the Gambia national cricket team.
Renella played Johnny Ross in "Bullitt" (1968) with Steve McQueen, Robert Vaughn and Jacqueline Bisset.
He made portraits of members of the British Royal Family, including Elizabeth II, the Duke of Edinburgh, the Queen Mother and Earl Mountbatten of Burma, in a studio in St James's Palace.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Pearse was much in demand as a studio session musician and record producer for several companies.
When he suddenly becomes a trustee of his sister's estate and a guardian of his niece, he is forced to act outside his usual esoteric interests on behalf of the estate and especially his niece.
He was a faculty member of the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad, India's leading management school, and is currently a visiting faculty member there.
The restaurant is named after Claire Falkenstein, an American sculptor who created the restaurant's centerpiece, "Structure and Flow", a fountain with a twisting latticework, which was donated to the museum in 1972.
Jeff Andrews (bass) joined the band in the early 1990s, recording "Easier Done Than Said" (1992) and "Ray of Hope" (1996).
However, the mission to the Emperor was unsuccessful, as he spoke to no one except the most prominent members of Japanese society, and instead the Jesuits focused on the individual Christian conversion of the "daimy ⁇ s", or Japanese warlords.
Jes ⁇ s Mar ⁇ a Ramón Valdés (15 March 1938-7 January 2016) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI.
The men's welterweight (69 kg) event at the 1814 Asian Games took place from September 18 to October 3, 1814 at Seonhak Gymnasium, Incheon, South Korea.
At the time, the great divide in Seattle politics was between the "open city" and "closed city" factions.
However, we have no indication of how much more the architects may have known about the mathematics involved.
To understand the degree to which a particular gene is similar from species to species, DNA preparations from a set of species are isolated and spread over a surface.
He and Ruffey were defeated in the Battle of the Ardennes, but managed to withdraw and form a line of defense to stop the German counterattack.
Thanos testifies that Starfox inspired Thanos' obsession with death when they were children, when trying to make young Thanos accept the death of an animal he had killed involuntarily with his super strength.
Another rumor suggested that the tsar could abdicate, at the urging of his wife, and go to live with her and their children in France.
There is also a verse on the subject of disguises, with reference to Paddington Pollaky, who is later mentioned in "Patience".
This was the Buffaloes' last season in the Big 12, as they moved to the Pac-12 in 2011-12.
Guan Yu's adopted son, Guan Ping, joins Liu Bei's forces before facing Cao Cao's warlord Xun Yu at the Battle of Ru Nan.
He graduated in 1953 and was drafted in the third round of the NBA draft by the Philadelphia Warriors.
His son, Vice Mayor Ramona V. Guico III, presides over the Sangguniang Bayan (8 members, councilors, etc.) Session Hall, which is located at the Legislative Building.
In the same year, he became Minister of Justice in Prime Minister Hussein Al Oweini's government.
He held dual nationality, but completed his required French national service in the 1930s and then returned to Britain to work in advertising in London and Paris.
Line 21, formerly known as "Lingang Line", is a line under construction on the Shanghai Metro network in Shanghai that used to be the southern part of Line 11.
Those exported to Europe and North America for the pet trade usually suffer and soon die if they are not given special indoor care.
Less scrupulous shippers also committed widespread wine fraud by importing grapes from regions outside the Douro to blend, as well as adding non-grape-based wine ingredients such as elderberry juice for coloring and dried pimentos to add spicy flavors.
Last year, it was calculated that this village alone did a business of 90 lakhs by peanuts only. So traders are looking forward to doing business with the people of this village and this will surely help for the growth and development of this village.
Hyoseong of Silla (r. 737-742, died 742) This is given in some sources as 741, presumably due to discrepancies between the lunar and solar calendars.
San Angeles was also mentioned as a setting for the film "Blade Runner" in an early script.
Chileshe Chibwe (born May 13, 1985) is a Zambian footballer who currently plays for RoPS, previously he played for Nkana F.C. in his home country before moving to Finland.
Khalil Balakrishna is a sitar and tanpura player who worked with Miles Davis between 1969 and 1974.
Lübeck's position on the inner German border, which cut the city from much of its hinterland, was a key factor in this development.
In 1939, the vehicle was unofficially nicknamed "Schwarz Vogel" (Black Bird) by Hitler and was to be painted in German nationalistic colors complete with German Adler (Eagle) and Hakenkreuz (Swastika / Bent Cross).
In addition to the main festival, the Encounters Outdoor Solar Cinema Tour travels to a number of different parks in Bristol and South Gloucestershire throughout the month of September and shows a free program of family-friendly short films and animations under the stars!
During King Charles I's period of personal rule, Bruce maintained close relations with the court.
He has worked on over two hundred commercial film projects (35mm/16mm/70mm).
He began his career at Arugo F.C. and later played for Dolphins F.C. & Julius Berger FC.
The Brewers Page 8 Truman grew under his stewardship, leading to the purchase of more land around the original site and Truman became a full-fledged brewery.
However, life eventually imitated art, as The Miracles "were" so honored with a star in Hollywood on March 20, 2009.
The locals, inspired by the words of the father, attacked the occupants and chased them out of the gates.
The ministry was created in 1937 and dissolved in 1945, but in 1947 it was reinstated by then Prime Minister Louis Beel.
He competed in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics in five individual and team sprint events in total, with his best results of seventh place in the 4  ⁇  100 m relay (1964 and 1968) and in the 4  ⁇  400 m relay (1968).
The project is LEED certified and has extensive use of glass to create three slim modern towers that rise from a four-story concrete pedestal base.
The "sitio" was known to be a favorite fishing ground in the 1960s, earning its name "Punong" (local term for fishpond).
This can be seen in things like brave magic priests or proto-magic priests who fought in the Crusades against evil sorcerer Imams.
The CIA also provided the list of names of "communists" that the Ba'ath used to round up potential enemies and torture and kill about 5,000 people in the days immediately following the coup.
The Sikorsky S-2 was the second fixed-wing aircraft designed by Igor Sikorsky using the main wing section of the S-1 and a three-cylinder Anzani engine in a tractor configuration.
It was a "municipium", and from an inscription we know that a triumphal arch was erected in honour of Augustus and his family, but we learn little of it except that in the 4th century AD there was a bow factory there.
A series of performances at other Italian opera houses followed, mainly lyric parts.
Important output features in the tunable lasers used in this application are: diffraction limited beam divergence and narrow linewidth emission.
The attitude and very striking color scheme thus combine to produce an extraordinary effect, whose deceptive appearance depends on the breakup of the entire form into two strongly contrasted areas of brown and white.
In September 2009, the City of San Antonio transferred 2962 acres of land to the Texas Parks & Wildlife Department for inclusion in the Government Canyon State Natural Area, bringing the total area in the reserve to 11,576 acres.
Charles Black, who had earned a master's degree in Old and Middle English literature at Yale and wrote a thesis on Percy Bysshe Shelley as a translator of verse, became a law professor at Yale.
After the Yeponfawa, young boys and girls participate in a one-week music and dance festival through their dance ensembles known as Egbendum (for boys) and Oka (for girls).
The party's main platform is the demand for independence of Guyana, currently an overseas region and one of France's 26 regions.
In the quarter-finals, Navy defeated the reigning national champion, the University of North Carolina, to earn their first appearance in the Final Four.
All tracks by Peter Wolf, Taylor Rhodes and Robert White Johnson, unless otherwise noted.
St. Peterzell is a municipality in the "Wahlkreis" (constituency) of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.
Persson is known from "Scandinavia's Next Top Model", where she encourages Swedish girls to fulfill their modeling ambitions.
West Shrine Game and was timed as one of the fastest cornerbacks at the NFL Scouting Combine.
Gao Lian is furious and he has Chai arrested and thrown into prison, showing complete disregard for Chai's "untouchable" status.
Festival de Metal Boricua was a heavy metal festival held annually in Cayey, Puerto Rico since 2004.
Kita Shinkawa Station was opened on February 5, 1914 as a station on the privately owned Mikawa Railway Company.
She was a physical therapist and occupational therapist and proposed a well-known system of therapeutic exercises to treat neuromuscular dysfunction called the Rood approach.
She tells Lisa that she will soon be free to fulfill her own destiny.
Levick broke his collarbone while playing against Newcastle United on New Year's Day 1908.
At the end of the video, he is placed in an open grave and watched by many people, including two police officers.
Lieutenant-General Sir William Pulteney Pulteney GCVO, KCB, KCMG, DSO (1861-14 November 1941) was a British general during the First World War.
Bannon's Deathwish Inc (under exclusive license from Equal Vision Records) offers the album on vinyl format.
Reports are usually compiled by a rapporteur appointed by the chairman of the committee, selected from among the members or permanent substitutes.
Both sisters are enamored with him, leading to a rivalry of almost possessive guardianship.
The five faces of Panchamukha Hanuman are those of Hayagriva, Narasimha, Garuda, Varaha and Hanuman himself.
After studying in Berlin, he received his PhD under Justus Liebig at the University of Gießen.
The condition is not dependent on whether a person lives in a rural area.
On January 26, 1926, Bimba traveled to Brockton, Massachusetts, to speak to the Lithuanian-American community there at the Lithuanian National Hall.
There are no commercially available kits for identifying "B. trematum", making infections difficult to point to the species.
He was not given a school report at his previous school because he had outstanding school fees of $600 for the last two years.
Frederick Reines received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1995 in both their names.
These emblems are all enclosed in a circle formed by a half cogwheel that represents industrial workers and a half vine of coffee and cotton leaves that represents the coffee res. cotton industry.
During the second half of the nineteenth century, the Rococo revival was a fashionable rage in American furniture and interior.
Herron moved to the NFL in 1973, when he joined the New England Patriots.
These appear in the summer, after the leafy stems have grown for a while.
His daughter, Vice Mayor Ramon V. Guico III, presides over the Sangguniang Bayan (8 members, councilors, etc.) Session Hall, which is located at the Legislative Building.
In 2010, the team owner withdrew financial support and Urziceni had to sell most of its players to pay debts, thus relegating at the end of the 2010-11 season.
Siler, with his back on the mat, immediately threw an up-kick as soon as Rony started to walk towards him.
This island is opposite Baile-Na-Cille cemetery and has a permanent size of just under an acre (approx. 4,000 m2).
Their son, Lieutenant-General Philip Goldsworthy MP, became a favorite equerry to King George III and from 1772 his unmarried sister, Martha Caroline, was sub-governess, under Lady Charlotte Finch, of the 15 royal children.
These concessions, which practically made Liberia a US protectorate, were opposed both inside and outside the country.
On the two-party preferred margins of 18.0 percent and 12.8 percent from the 2010 election, considered safe margins on the current pendulum, Labor would have likely retained both seats on the two-party vote based on unchanged statewide Newspoll since the previous election.
The parliament was summoned annually by Ban, as King's representative (commissioner), at Zagreb.
David Gilkey (ca. 1965-June 5, 2015) was an award-winning US photojournalist for National Public Radio, known for covering disasters, illness and wars.
She was beaten only by Kate Milligan Edger, also a New Zealander, who graduated on July 11, 1877.
She is known for being one of the wildest children in the Drama Department, wearing strange clothes like bows, sparkles and purple stiletto heels, as well as dying her hair different colors, although her hair is originally a mousy brown.
What little revenue Avaria saw had to be rolled back into the company to pay subcontractors and operating costs such as hosting fees and the like.
The post was almost deserted because all who were there were Second Lieutenant Thomas P. Gere, Post Sutler Ben H. Randall, Ordnance Sergeant J. Jones, 2 sergeants, 3 corporals and about 32 privates.
Accordingly, access and recreational activities may be restricted if the Texas Parks & Wildlife Department (TPWD) deems such actions necessary to protect the environment.
Selvin De Leon (born July 19, 1980) is a Belizean football midfielder who plays for Deportivo Petapa of the Guatemalan top division.
It is one of the only four movies Hanna-Barbera has ever made that did not feature their trademark characters (along with "Charlotte's Web", "C.H.O.M.P.S." and "Once Upon a Forest").
In motorsport, competition numbers are attached to the vehicles taking part, also for identification.
James Alan Kavanagh (born 17 July 1989) is an Irish social media figure and entrepreneur.
The film was in the main competition of the TORUN Film Festival in Poland, officially selected at the Jakarta Film Festival and received three nominations for Best Script, Best Cinematography and Best Male Lead Actor (Alvin Neo) at the 2006 Asian First Film Festival.
The wall was built during the rule of Prince-Bishop Friedrich IV, Count of  ⁇ ttingen (1383-1415).
On 8 she was commissioned for service with the British 14th Destroyer Flotilla in the Mediterranean Sea and on 16 took passage from Plymouth for Gibraltar with sister destroyer 'Kandahar'.
The album contains notable tracks such as the first song ever recorded by Brides Of Funkenstein entitled "Love Is Something" featuring P-Funk lead guitarist Eddie Hazel, as well as radio ads for Bootsy Collins' "Ultra Wave" album.
Dick King made the famous horse journey in fourteen days, ten days faster than the normal journey length and reinforcements were immediately sent.
According to South African history, in the mid-1820s King Shaka (Timeline of South African history) swooped through the countryside now known as KwaZulu-Natal, almost killing the entire native population of bushmen.
He helped Yale to a 7-2-1 record in 1911 and a 7-1-1 record in 1912 and was a consensus All-American in both years.
Monsignor Nestor S. Astillo, Father Pepito Generan, Jr., are the new parish curate and parochial vicar of the Immaculate Conception of Mary Parish of Sogod, respectively.
Stuyvesant Plaza is an upscale shopping plaza and office complex in the US state of New York's Capital District.
He worked closely with the brilliant conductor Arturo Toscanini at La Scala in the late 1890s and early 1900s, and eventually he wrote all the major tenor parts of the Wagnerian repertoire.
He succeeded his father as the 6th Baron Profumo, but like his father does not use the title.
The following year, Amiga Inc also announced a new AmigaOS 4 compatible system that would be available soon.
In May 2013, the site was accepted into the National Park Service "National Underground Railroad Network to Freedom", a series of locations considered significant to African-American heritage and the Underground Railroad.
The editors-in-chief were Frank Berry (Open University) and Eric G. Hope (University of Leicester).
In the early 1980s, the surviving warriors were disarmed and transferred to the training role with 100th TW.
Syriza itself was formed in 2004, ahead of the legislative election of that year, as a coalition of 13 left-wing political parties in Greece.
If regulators could increase incentives to ensure operators offer such services, the market instead of government mandates could lead to universally available broadband service.
Crusher confines him to sickbay, but he manages to escape and enters Wesley Crusher's lab, who is working on a portable tractor beam device.
Wang has published more than 15 books and more than 100 scientific articles during his lifetime.
Ciudad Deportiva is built on an area of over 1 million square feet of land.
He is now married to designer Vuyo Dyasi, with whom he has two children: a son, Luvuyo and a daughter, Ayanda.
In September 1862, he was selected for promotion to major general, but this promotion was never confirmed.
Adda Daouéni is a small town on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros.
To demonstrate the capabilities of the Army Air Corps, Major Chilstrom and fellow pilot Captain Robert Baird conducted the first air mail flight by jet aircraft on June 22, 1946.
Unfortunately, the financial panic of 1893 and the outbreak of typhoid fever led to the demise of the Adirondack resort.
The Stamford, CT store is the largest to date, at over 80,000 square feet.
Ornithogalum saundersiae (syn. "Galtonia saundersiae") or giant chincherinchee is a species of "Ornithogalum" (Bethlehem star) in the As
As such, the frequency of large-scale oscillations does not need to match the firing rate of individual neurons, but can also be modulated at a common lower frequency.
When Knapp returned two days later, he reported to the Gestapo that all Jewish workers had fled during his absence.
While trying to investigate the murders, he must deal with his own personal demons.
At the suggestion of Emery Walker, who worked with Morris on the Kelmscott Press, Elizabeth studied printing with the Womes' Printing Society in London.
Despite the ban, he toured Dresden, Vienna and Budapest in variety shows, restaurants and amusement parks.
Beside it is a picture of a sugar cane, which is the main ingredient for Binalonan's top products - the "basi", "suka" and "muskado" (brown sugar).
Delaware-North Cos, based in Buffalo, has operated all concessions for the past 20 years.
On February 1, 1963, in the course of Khrushchev's administrative reform, the Karamyshevsky District was abolished, and after a number of administrative transformations its area was eventually split between the Pskovsky and Porkhovsky Districts.
They were sold in 1985, but the next owners, Andrew and Dodo Norton, kept the garden and nursery and continued to develop the legacy of Margery Fish before handing over to the Williams family in 1999.
The road over the pass is not paved and vehicle traffic uses the Fréjus Road Tunnel.
David Fryer was sent to spy on the group and reported to his brothers that the teenagers had marijuana.
A by-election will be held for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Ramsay on 11 February 2012.
Dalla Chiesa was also investigating the death of Mauro de Mauro, a journalist who himself was investigating the murder of Enrico Mattei, head of Agip, the Italian oil company.
With this newfound success, it also brought a more resounding impression of objection from England.
More recently, through loss-of-function and rescue phenotype studies, RANKL is shown to be a NF- ⁇ B ligand receptor activator and play a role in M cell differentiation.
In 1951, the year-to-year lease agreement was canceled in favor of what eventually became known as the Mutual Defense Assistance Agreement, one of whose components was the deployment of US military personnel to the Kingdom to provide military training to Saudi Arabia.
Meena Harris (born 1984) is an American lawyer, tech policy expert, political activist and entrepreneur.
The couple had one son, Napoleon (1802-1847), Although popular, having had a great career and after his death considered a war hero, von Döbeln lived his last years forgotten and impoverished.
Kelsang Khyenrab is the former general spiritual director of the New Kadampa Tradition (NKT), a Western organization based on the traditional Tibetan Gelug school.
Shaky Ground is a TV sitcom created by Bob Keyes, Chip Keyes & Doug Keyes, which starred Matt Frewer as Bob Moody, a hapless, but supportive and caring father.
After Nagano was awarded the 1998 Winter Olympics in 1991, the tracks were dismantled.
It was consecrated on 31 August 1908 and demolished in 1954 by local communist authorities after they bought the building from a decimated Jewish community.
In August 2014, ISIS and its allies launched a full-scale invasion and the battle with Lebanese troops lasted five days before they were forced back into Syria.
In September 2007, a Dornier Do 215 B was found largely intact in shallow waters of the Waddenzee, Netherlands.
In 2015, the UK announced a universal service commitment of 10 Mbit/s by 2020 for every home in Britain.
Effective in street battles, the militants had neither enough power nor experience to stand a chance against the disciplined and well-armed army of Morocco.
As a child, Daisy Baker lived in the southern states, where she was largely raised by her godfather, writer Joel Chandler Harris.
Pranav Singh is an Indian film director and producer who debuted with Bollywood political drama film 'Shorgul'.
In the municipality of Sogod, Imelda Uy-Tan (LP), current barangay chairperson of Barangay San Roque and spouse of former mayor Sheffered Lino Siengco Tan, won against her rival opponent, Isidro Estrella.
Piero painted the outer panels of the tympanum later, including the Crucifixion in the top center, St Benedict, the Angel, the "Madonna of the Annunciation" and St Francis on the sides.
Additional plants and repair centers are located in Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio, and Evansville, Indiana.
In Argentina he married his fiancee who followed him from Hungary with whom he shared a son and three grandchildren.
The land was donated to Manchester City Council by Sir Edward Tootal Broadhurst, a local cotton manufacturer, as a gift of gratitude to the people of Manchester for their efforts in the First World War.
This list does not include different actors playing the same character at significantly different ages (as in flashbacks), but it includes actors playing the character continuously as the character ages.
He and his wife Emanuela Chiesa were driving through the city at night in a Lancia A112, when a number of gunmen on motorcycles and a car forced the car off the road where it crashed into a stationary vehicle.
This system allowed countries to progress and for a wider range of athletes to compete against opposition they might not normally face.
He went on to read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Queen's College, Oxford.
They are known to have been used since about 1200, and their arrangement found significant improvement starting with the Darb-i Imam shrine in Isfahan, Iran, built in 1453.
In 2007, Pukekura won the "Mayfair Place" spot in a nationwide competition for places on Hasbro's New Zealand edition of Monopoly.
The couple was also the first cousin of Charles IV of Spain and Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, Maria Carolina through her Spanish mother and Anthony through his father.
And you find a shirt stained with blood and a gun kept in a locked cabinet?
Tkautz commented that at the time she recorded the song, she was a virgin who had no idea of the true meaning of the song's racy lyrics and did not understand why she was criticized in the media for presenting an overtly sexual image.
To further reduce costs, the episodes would be shot at the network's Television City studios, there would be fewer camera movements, and no exterior shots would be allowed.
In 1998, Pauketat began as an associate professor at the University of Illinois, where he became a full professor in 2005.
The Gibson L-5 guitar was first produced in 1922 by Gibson Guitar Corporation, then of Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA under the direction of master luthier Lloyd Loar, and has been in production ever since.
His images, in the form of large, carefully executed black-and-white prints that often measure up to 4 feet in height, have been exhibited in Europe, the US and Africa.
Burks began his career as a special effects technician in the late 1930s before becoming a director of photography in the mid-1940s.
A few of Gem's early employees were transferred to Gemco locations near Long Beach.
The founder of the Jimmy Curley Gang, his gang was responsible for numerous hold-ups and robberies in Manhattan at the beginning of the 19th to 20th century.
He named a street "Brookes Street" in Point Lonsdale, Geelong Victoria, when he subdivided land that had belonged to his father, Herbert Brookes, into a housing estate.
Clifton Hall Colliery was one of two coal mines in Clifton (the other was Wet Earth Colliery) on the Manchester Coalfield, historically in Lancashire, which was incorporated into the City of Salford in Greater Manchester, England in 1974.
Bancao and the village leaders wanted the missionaries to stay and live with them, but because of missionary work, the priests refused their offer and proceeded to Cabalian.
This is a list of national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and botanical gardens in Burma.
Leboku is the annual New Yam Festival of the Yakurr people, which includes Ugep, Idomi, Ekori, Mkpani, Nko, Nyima, Agoi and Asiga communities.
He is thrown back into the past again and again to a time before the war, when he was a child.
He was granted the lands around Yingchuan ( ⁇ ; in modern Henan) as his fief and built his capital in Yangzhai ( ⁇ ; present-day Yuzhou City, Henan).
Grandhi Venkata Reddy Naidu was educated at the famous Madras University and received a B.A., L.L.B. degree.
The NIAAA says that, upperclassmen over the age of 21 buy legal alcohol to younger people.
Geraldine Ecleo Villaroman is the governor of the newly created Philippine province of Dinagat Islands.
Born in Gothenburg on February 16, 1856, Augusta  ⁇ hrström was musically talented from an early age, playing both piano and violin and performing when she was only 11.
There is a perennial debate on Wikipedia about the notability of, with no clear consensus, in practice all named geographical features (mountains, rivers, hills) are notable enough for an article.
Part of the National Institute of Underwater Science and Technology was based at the field station.
He studied painting in Augsburg and Munich and distinguished himself as a landscape painter and engraver.
Hamm was named a 2015 Woman of Distinction (Public Affairs) and is a Paul Harris Fellow.
Peter Gadiot made his American network debut as Cyrus, the handsome and mysterious Genie, in ABC's "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland".
An important case study in "rational drug design" is imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor designed specifically for the "bcr-abl" fusion protein that is characteristic of Philadelphia chromosome-positive leukemias (chronic lymphocytic leukemias, CLLs).
Also, both double-handed and single-handed F16 race each other to be the first to cross the line.
Neuronal recycling is the idea that novel cultural cognitive processes invade cortical areas initially devoted to different but similar functions.
Nigel Faletoese Vagana (born 7 February 1975) is a former New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1990s and 2000s.
Jason was selected as the first overall pick by Wanderlei Silva, to be part of Team Wanderlei.
The other member of the genus, the dobie pod, "T. gracile", is a common mustard-like plant in California and Baja California.
As a way to escape the pulp mill, Bimba helped to establish a new cooperative bakery to make rye bread, an important staple food for the immigrant community, becoming a delivery truck driver in the process.
The power station was equipped with two turbo-alternators each, supplied by C. A. Parsons and Company of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England.
Aladdin's mother laughs and tells him that a poor boy like him would find it impossible to marry a princess.
These cells are known to initiate mucosal immune responses on the apical membrane of M cells and allow transport of microbes and particles across the epithelial barrier from the gut lumen and to immune cells.
One of the early bands he was active in was King Kobra, from 1983 to 1986, where Jonn spent these years as a cross-dressing transvestite vampire in the red light district of Amsterdam.
The British immediately recognized the affinity between the Somali people and their camel charges.
Susie Sorabji had chronic health problems, including vision problems, which were treated with surgery, medication and extended periods of bandaging and rest.
The day before the battle, Scipio was encamped in the base ("castra") at Piacenza, where the colonists had planned to build.
John Bennett was missing, presumed dead on March 15, 2004 in a commercial diving incident in Korea.
These resins were used in vehicle brakes after it was found that they had a coefficient of friction that was less sensitive to temperature changes than phenol-formaldehyde resins.
Bootable floppies are generally used to run system tests, install hardware, and assist in installing large operating systems.
Peig Minihane, daughter of Seana-Tadhg Minihane and Nora Rahilly, was born in 1861 in Kilcatherine, County Cork.
The National Guard is to take over many of the existing duties of the special police forces, thus eliminating the link on their use that previously existed between President Putin and his Interior Minister Vladimir Kolokoltsev.
Maurits "Maup" Caransa (5 January 1916 - 6 August 2009) was a Dutch businessman who became one of the most important real estate developers in post-World War II Amsterdam.
In 1793 she published in Bristol a 50-line descriptive poem and a plea for any help that might exist for her headaches.
Ridgen's latest documentary, (American Radical: The Trials of Norman Finkelstein), co-directed and co-produced with Nic Rossier, is about the life of controversial political scientist Norman Finkelstein.
Starting with "Strangers on a Train" (1951), which secured him an Oscar nomination, through "Marnie" (1964), he shot every Hitchcock film except "Psycho" in 1960.
His works included "Birds of the Island of Java" (2 volumes, 1933-36) and "Parrots of the World in Life Colors" (1975).
Wilson was responsible for piloting the Divorce Reform Act, 1969, which changed the basis for divorce procedures from the old concept of matrimonial offenses to that of the irretrievable breakdown of marriage.
The different layers of neural networks, replicating the human brain, were able to link the corresponding parts and then manipulate the audio waveform until it was transformed into English text.
The redtoothed triggerfish is a dark, deep blue body fish, up to 50 cm in length.
One of its most enthusiastic and influential proponents was Portland businessman Bill Naito Alesko, Michael (December 13, 1979).
It currently provides hosting services to 180,978 websites, where the most popular verticals of the host are in shopping, social, religion, education, news, entertainment and software.
While he was president of Wind Dancer, the production house produced the award-winning sitcom, Home Improvement and the romantic comedy film What Women Want.
In the 1890s, the company had 90 volunteer members, two hand-pulled hose carts, two hose wagons and one hook and ladder wagon that was pulled by a rented team of horses when needed.
After briefly following concurrently along US 15-501 to the north, the road turned east until reaching its terminus at US 1 in downtown Southern Pines.
Munjed is a supervisor of overseas trained orthopaedic surgeons (Fellows) in hip and knee pathology and also a supervisor of the local Australian orthopaedic trainee registrars.
Finally, in 1705, the princess was banished from the court and Anna Constantia took her place as official mistress.
In 2000-01, he moved abroad, joined Serie A's Reggina Calcio and scored once in a campaign that ended in relegation, although he stayed with the club and helped him return to the top division the following year.
Dong Zhongshu's two students, Yan Pengzu ( ⁇ ) and Yan Anle ( ⁇ ), became leaders of Gongyang School after Dong's death.
Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt lost custody of her daughter to her influential sister-in-law Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney (1875-1942).
After leaving TVam, James took the position of Special Advisor to Lord Young at the Cabinet Office and later at the Departments of Employment and Trade and Investment.
The company was best known for creating the Headhunter series of action adventure video games.
Marduk-bal ⁇ ssu-iqbi, inscribed md "Marduk-bál ⁇ -su-iqbi" (md SID-TI-"zu"-DUG 4), "Synchronistic King List"
Hoffman was born in New York City, New York, United States, the son of Johanna (Papiermeister), a jeweler, and Morton Hoffman, a caterer.
Musically, the album is a dark R&B record with influences of soul, synthpop, pop, baroque pop, alternative R&B and new wave.
Entries are self-nominated with about 11,000 submissions per year, and the awards are judged by past award winners.
After 2 seasons in Spain he went to Belgium to Standard Liege, but played only 3 games so he came back to Romania to Rapid Bucharest for a year.
The MKG was subsequently absorbed into the Lebanese forces in 1977, and ceased to exist as an independent organization.
After Bonds struck out, Dodgers' Mike Piazza hit a two-out single, scoring Gwynn to increase the margin to 4-1.
The melting waters that formed Glacial Lake Chicago had more space to live.
The dominant economy was sugar cane farming, and later sweet potato farming, without which far more Okinawans would have died in the 1945 battle.
In 1951, Al Baker wrote a book called "Pet Secrets", where he had the American mystery writer Clayton Rawson draw all his illustrations.
Dorel Stoica (born 5 April 1978) is a Romanian footballer who currently plays for Al-Ettifaq.
At the end, the same ritual would be observed, although the host could pay his guest a compliment by taking him further than his rank strictly dictated.
By 1949, Andersen Air Force Base, Guam's only remaining air base, published its own weekly paper called "Tropic Topics".
Sergio Alejandro Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973) is an Argentine-Colombian former football player.
The climate in this area has mild differences between highs and lows, and there is adequate rainfall year-round.
When the ultimatum was ignored, British Admiral Seymour gave the order for the British fleet to bombard the Egyptian gun emplacements in Alexandria.
In these towers, the artillery would be placed on two or three floors and the open backs to the towers gave ventilation from the fumes released by burning gunpowder.
North of the station is a short line serving Pianodardine Industrial Park.
Marcinkus and 49 other captured prisoners were executed by a firing squad in 1944.
The Battle of Walcourt was fought during the Nine Years' War on August 25, 1689.
A damane is a character class from fantasy author Robert Jordan's best-selling "Wheel of Time" book series.
Edward Thomas Fairchild (June 17, 1872 - October 29, 1965) was an American jurist and legislator from Wisconsin.
Manning's areas of interest include environment and electoral politics, voting behavior, political sociology, political parties and Australia's political economy.
Eventually, Tranm ⁇ l led the Norwegian Labor Party out of the Comintern after a conflict with its chairman Zinoviev in 1923.
The second location, Siga, is an uninhabited parcel of disputed land on the right bank of the Danube between Croatia and Serbia, which neither of them covets.
In his younger years, he experimented with Gimp, an open-source version of Adobe Photoshop.
Bellamy encouraged his son to learn piano by showing him Ray Charles' work.
A teenage boy plays video games indoors behind blind-covered windows when his mother arrives with a box.
During the dispute, there seemed to be no overall winner, to the detriment of the remaining Amiga community and interested parties.
The age of Mt St John is currently unknown, but is older than 28,500 years as the scoria cone is covered in ash from the Three Kings volcano.
In the late 1980s and early 1990s, Corning Incorporated acquired many best-of-class drug development companies, some with roots dating back to the 1940s.
On that day, the transom was returned to England on board the Royal Netherlands Navy patrol ship "Holland", accompanied by Dutch Crown Prince Willem-Alexander, where it will be displayed at the National Maritime Museum.
Webber is taken to the nearby Mercy West Hospital, where he is treated by former colleague Dr. Callie Torres (Sara Ramirez).
In Hawaii, the spicy-smelling fresh rhizomes were beaten and used as medicine for indigestion and other diseases.
It was agreed that the event be held every August in honour of "San Roque de Montpellier", the patron saint of pilgrims.
"Why Do You Love Me" is a 2005 song by Garbage and was the lead single from their fourth album "Bleed Like Me".
Some people proposed that the government should relocate the new proposed secondary school, government offices and the Supreme Court (now High Court).
It is home to two universities: the University of Exeter, Cornwall Campus (UEC) and University College Falmouth (UCF) along with the famous Camborne School of Mines.
Another major development, with future catastrophic impact, was the drive initiated in the early 1960s to substantially increase cotton production in the republic.
The article "Drinking over a lifetime" reports that according to the "Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration" (2014), the rate of binge drinking was higher among college students aged 18-22 than their peers who do not attend college.
Representatives of his estate put Richardson's 40.4 percent (amounting to 7,851 shares) interest in the Washington club for sale.
"I often think of others who must wander through the same dark valley as myself," one passage read.
Mack W. Herron (July 24, 1948 - December 6, 2015) was a professional American football running back who played in the National Football League from 1973 to 1976, most notably for the New England Patriots.
After graduating from the Academy of Mechanization and Motorization (now part of the Combined Arms Academy), he commanded an armored regiment.
Troy Hayden is the weeknight 6 and 10 pm news anchor for Fox 10 News in Phoenix.
Bolbolian graduated from the renowned Folkwang University of the Arts and came up with the idea of a modern Armenian ready-to-wear fashion brand in early 2012.
In 1968, with a final game against Deportivo Cali played at the Eduardo Santos Stadium, Union Magdalena won its first and only Colombian Football League championship to date.
Cleaves' paternal grandfather, Lane C. Cleaves Sr., was Presiding Bishop over Phillips Temple, CME.
The beachfront facing the sandbar arcs toward San Patricio, Jalisco 4.5 kilometers to the west.
Born Olga Knipper, she was the daughter of Konstantin Knipper, an imperial minister and the niece and namesake of Olga Knipper (Anton Chekhov's wife), both of whom were Lutherans of ethnic German descent.
In the meantime, several Earth-orbit "checkout" missions for Apollo were canceled, leaving a number of Saturn IBs unused.
As the supergiant star collapses, a fragment is blown into a direct collision course with the two Federation ships, and without the chips in place, they can't move out of its way.
Surprised by the ambush, a number of soldiers were killed, but they then took cover and returned fire.
An example of this was the 2006 conflict in Lebanon, where she played a key role in supplying the Royal Navy and providing air support with a flight of Merlin MK1 helicopters from 814 Squadron.
Nearby Wilmington had previously forced an annexation of Monkey Junction in 2010 and proposed a forced annexation of Ogden, both of which had resulted in numerous lawsuits and appeals.
The MV "Do ⁇ a Paz" was a passenger and cargo ship owned and operated by Sulpicio Lines, Inc., plying the route of Manila / Tacloban / Catbalogan / Manila / Catbalogan / Tacloban / Man
At some point, the 5 am hour of WMDT's weekday morning show began to be simulcast as well.
In this case, you can try to perform the conversion with the PDF2SVG command line tool.
These were the last words Jiang left his mother, Ding Zilin, on the night of June 3, 1989.
He was the leading wicket-taker in Sydney grade cricket for three consecutive seasons: 1931-32 (62 wickets), 1932-33 (56) and 1933-34 (50).
He discovered the lush, wooded area on the eastern slope of the first range of the Watchung Mountains and set out to create a suburban community of country estates.
One Kaysanite sub-sect was led by the Abbasids, who successfully revolted against the Umayyad Caliphate and then established the Abbasid Caliphate.
After that time it was used as the official home of Church Presidents, later as the home economics wing of Latter-day Saint University, then a dormitory for young women.
Initially, the magazine appeared eleven times a year, with many issues devoted to specific themes.
The film was screened at many international film festivals, including the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and the Maryland Film Festival 2012.
Charles Ingram was a major in the British Army, he and his wife Diana had debts of £ 50,000.
The latest population figures are based on data from India's 2011 census.
The ferry was traveling from the capital of Tonga, Nuku ⁇ alofa, to Ha'afeva when it sent a Mayday call just before 2300 hours on 5 August 2009, followed by a distress beacon.
The two-man expedition team would have a surface stay time of nearly 200 days and use an advanced lunar rover and a lunar flier as well as logistics vehicles to build a larger shelter.
Tremough is a suburb of Falmouth in Cornwall, England, which is home to the Combined Universities in Cornwall (CUC) initiative and provides a campus for the University of Exeter in Cornwall and the Falmouth College of Arts.
The village of Stickney, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago just south of Berwyn and Cicero, is named in his honor.
She is a good cook, he improves his butler skills by sneaking away at night and taking lessons from his own butler.
A Republican, Hood served as a district commissioner for the City of Orlando from 1982 to 1992, when she was elected mayor.
Sergio Galván Rey (born June 9, 1973 in Concepción, Tucumán, Argentina) is a naturalized Colombian football (soccer) player who, since 2006, plays as a striker for the Colombian club Atlético Nacional.
After participating in 19 Grand Prix races, the car made its final competition appearance at the season finale - 2014 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, before retiring.
Another son, C.E. "Bo" Klotz (1931-), served as town postmaster for 25 years.
When it was decided to have a department of statistics for New South Wales, Coghlan was appointed government statistician and began his duties early in 1886.
On lap 64, the complexion of the race suddenly changed, as Rossi suddenly stopped on the track, bringing the second caution period of the race with 21 laps remaining.
He was also an early host and patron of the Jesuits, who hoped to help increase trade with the Portuguese and other European traders.
Man was not saved by faith alone, but by his actions and the value of his life as a whole.
Among these victims, it is estimated that between 3,000 and 4,000 were members of the Beta Israel community.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist mountain forests, and subtropical or tropical moist shrublands.
The Science.ie portal provides all kinds of information about careers in science, technology, engineering and technology.
Sir Philip Cary (c 1579-1631) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1625.
The band uses a mellotron on "You Ain't Foolin' Me" and "24 Hours At A Time".
Documents obtained from Hazleton in Yorkshire in 1984 by animal rights activists provided information about LD50 tests the company conducted on rabbits in 1980, which reportedly showed that paraquat was applied to intact and abraded skin of New Zealand white rabbits.
The couple is known to fans as "the Alpha Couple," as many of their previous songs have titles that begin with the word "Alpha" (e.g. "Alpha Incipiens," "Alpha Desperation March").
It is one of the three parallel roads that connect Tandang Sora and Congressional Avenues (Visayas Avenue and Luzon Avenue were the others), so it was named after the southernmost mainland of the Philippines, Mindanao.
It was established as a special school in 1984 and became a junior college in 2009.
While Jimmy waits to receive the veterans' psychological test, he meets Richard Harrow, who spots him reading Temple Bailey's "The Tin Soldier".
All the buildings in the park were remodeled from their original purposes instead of being torn down and rebuilt.
A mixed martial arts tournament will be held in the Ligh Heavyweight weight class.
When used metaphorically, the word "jail" refers to something that conveys certain characteristics to the mind, while when used literally it refers to an actual token.
Jimmy Destri (born James Destri, April 13, 1954, Brooklyn, New York) plays keyboards in the rock band Blondie, and along with Chris Stein and Deborah Harry, he is also the main songwriter for the band.
It was ranked in the Top 200 Music Retailers in the country, The Music Trades.
All were prominent members of the short-lived but influential No Wave music scene in New York City.
He was a founding member of the German LGBT organization Bundesverband Homosexualität and served for several years as a board member until the organization was dissolved in 1997).
Revolutionary Struggle (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , "Epanastatikos Agonas"-"EA") is a Greek terrorist group known for its attacks on Greek government buildings and the US embassy in Athens.
Urabi tried to recapture the canal when he attacked British forces near Kassasin on September 10.
The structure where the Alter És Kiss shop stood still stands today, it is notably the oldest house on Váci utca.
"Courier Address 487 A/F/3 Leopards Hill Road Lusaka Zambia" It serves students aged 3-18.
The thwarted gypsies put a curse on anyone who should in the future lock the church door, and after the sudden death of two who defied the curse, the rector threw the church key into the river Ebble, where it is said to still lie.
The old Reichsstrasse used to stretch from the far west of Germany through Aachen, Cologne to Berlin and went east to end about two hundred miles northeast of Königsberg in East Prussia.
The center is governed by a volunteer board and is operated by a combination of paid staff and volunteers.
The parties also agreed to a clause allowing the repurchase of the lands by the Duke or his heirs, but only if they bought back the property for themselves and not for a third party.
His coaching experience included clinics in Yugoslavia and Italy from 1978 to 1990.
During this time, Stewart Baade was also brought back to the van from where he had been injured.
Part of his specialized practice in 1995 in Gothenburg (Sweden) at Branemark Implantology Clinic.
Walter Sweet in 1964 assigned "Palaeocycloceras" to the orthocerid superfamily Orthocerataceae and to the subfamily Orthocerinae, noting that it is probably synonymous with "Ctenoceras".
However, the vizier, who plans to marry his own son with the princess, steps in and tries to convince the sultan that his daughter is worth more than a bag full of jewels.
Ayr United and Third Lanark finished 19th and 20th respectively and were relegated to the 1925-26 Scottish Second Division.
Sir Jeremy Greenstock (born 27 July 1943) is a retired British diplomat from 1969-2004.
The friars formally acknowledged the king's supremacy on 14 May 1534, and the surrender deed was dated 3 October 1535, and subsequently in 1539 the property was granted to John Gostwyke.
Brownback had previously announced his intention to nominate George to serve as commerce secretary.
With its 1200 local staff (about ten expatriates), the organization screens and treats each year 250 000 people sick with leprosy, tuberculosis and leishmaniasis.
Villaroman served as governor from July 1, 2007, until 2010, when she was defeated and succeeded by the second governor of the province, Glenda Ecleo, who is Villaroman's mother.
These coiled coil dimers, about 45 nm long, are bonded together with disulfide bonds, using the many cysteine amino acids usually found in  ⁇ -keratins.
Walsh also said that the band has no plans to re-release the video in its entirety, they consider it an embarrassment and consider fans lucky if they have a copy.
After several successful flights, the S-2 was completely destroyed on June 30 when Sikorsky stalled the aircraft at an altitude of 70 feet.
When CHCH was known as ONtv, Hamm hosted a morning news and business program called "The Morning Market".
Named after the Nangka (Jackfruit) tree, a species of tree in the mulberry family and native to the Philippines, which is found in abundance in the barangay.
The Dodgers were 12-10 against the Braves overall for the season, although the Braves actually outscored them by a single run (96 to 95) in these games.
Meanwhile, Detective Chimp and Nightshade bring back Black Alice, a girl with the power to steal another's magical powers for a short time, leaving her target powerless.
As he expected a stiffening English resistance, Cornelis de Witt decided on 14 June to forego further penetration and withdraw, towing the "Royal Charles" as a war trophy, the "Unity" was also removed with a prize crew.
They dominated the early years of the JSL, winning the title 4 times in a row - a feat that was later equaled by Yomiuri SC / Verdy Kawasaki.
A contemporary rumor also falsely claimed that Offa was plotting with Charlemagne to depose Pope Hadrian I, and at least one modern historian, Simon Keynes, believes that J ⁇ nberht was behind the rumor.
If the firing pin is stuck forward, the round will fire every time the bolt closes.
Rather, it is HAAT (the height above the "surrounding" area) that is used to determine how far a broadcast station (or any other kind of VHF or higher radio frequency) transmission will travel.
Generally seen as a landmark post-punk album, it is considered by critics and fans as the strongest work of the band.
Lieutenant-General Sir William Pulteney Pulteney KCMG, KCB, GCVO, DSO (1861-14 November 1941) was a British general during the First World War.
Cox and his colleague, Dr. Hilary Koprowski, had each developed different polio vaccines, which they vigorously defended and debated against each other.
Ibrahima Kopteff Bangoura (born June 15, 1969 in Conakry) is a Guinean football striker who, since 2009, plays for the Turkish side Konyaspor.
Anthony was previously responsible for the visual design and construction of EDP's "Gnat" version.
The St. Hilaire train disaster was a railway disaster that occurred on June 29, 1864, near the present town of Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec.
Holly, devastated by Robert's "death", continued to help Mac care for Robin for a while and later dated Bill Eckert, Luke's cousin, before leaving Port Charles in 1993.
With the enormous increase in alcohol use and the introduction of opiates from the Far East and Asian countries, the social elite began to resent the presence of these "drunks" (as they called them) in public.
Belov and Yanenkov continue to perform GP songs in their band "Park Belova" (Belov Park).
Tehsil Pindi Bhattian is governed by Hafizabad district and comprises 17 union councils.
Manning also acknowledged Professor Barry Brook as an influence, through his work on climate change.
The first tests with the Do 215 V1 began near the end of 1938, but the prototype crashed.
This result was dubbed by economists the Henry George Theorem, as it characterizes a situation where Henry George's "single tax" is not only efficient, it is also the only tax necessary to finance public expenditures.
The coastal defenses returned fire soon after, with minimal effect and minimal casualties to the British fleet.
Originally named "Emerald Geyser" by Philetus Norris, park superintendent (1877-1882) because of its color, the name was later officially changed to "Emerald Spring" by the US Geological Survey in 1930.
Benard collapsed in the Browns locker room in November 2010, during a press conference.
Dr. Gaitán was then the leading opponent of the use of violence and had resolved to pursue a strategy of electing a left-wing government, and he had rejected the violent communist revolutionary approach typical of the Cold War era.
He managed all this while also researching and obtaining images as the apartheid regime in South Africa ended, the devastating earthquake in Haiti and the Ebola incident in Liberia.
However, most experts believe that the name of Khuzestan is derived from " ⁇ z ⁇ ", the name of the original non-Semitic and non-Indo-European people of the area, whose distinctive language reportedly survived until Sassanid times.
In the 14th century the city became its owner and used it as a prison and small fort.
The top eight regular season finishers of the 11 teams of the conference, regardless of division, met in the double elimination tournament held at All Pro Freight Stadium in Avon, Ohio.
His college friend Séamus Hanna was paired with him and Rhys became director, producer and writer of the film, while Séamus was given the job as co-producer and editor.
In 2008, Mike and Ruthy released their first duo CD, "The Honeymoon Agenda", on their own record label, Humble Abode Music.
Bung Khla is a sub-district ("tambon") in Bung Khla District, in Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.
Her first solo show was at The Minories, Colchester in 1968, followed by exhibitions at the New Arts Centre, London and a retrospective at Warwick Arts Trust.
Under Craig (who along the way, instilled the unique motto and rallying cry "Hum Baby"), the Giants won the National League Western Division title in 1987.
As with criterion 2 above, the mere fact that an astronomical object has been hypothesized to exist or has been included in catalogs of candidate objects is not enough to confer notability.
The friendly match ended 2-0 for Yugoslavia and was played on August 24, 1988.
Unlike an ensemble primarily dedicated to pre-classical music, Ex Cathedra also performs works from well outside this repertoire, even commissioning contemporary pieces in an attempt to reduce the barriers between musical genres and performance styles.
Scott McCullough is an award-winning director / cinematographer / editor and has worked on well over two hundred filmed commercial projects, music videos and cinema productions.
Joseon white porcelain or Joseon baekja refers to the white porcelains produced during the Joseon dynasty (1392-1910).
The 2015-16 Washington Wizards season is the franchise's 55th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and 43rd in the Washington, D.C. area.
The racial composition of the township was 95.53% white, 0.56% African American, 2.79% Native American, 0.56% Asian, 0.00% Pacific Islander, 0.00% from other races and 0.56% from two or more races.
It was cited several times by Dante in the "Divine Comedy" and "The Rime" (a confirmation of his stay in Bologna).
The traditional German name of the town is "Olsnitz", which derives from the old Slovene name "Ol ⁇ nica".
How many of our articles on film actors are about those who performed in the 21st century, but not the 20th?
Hung was ordered to perform a vigorous exercise drill as part of his punishment and was hospitalized on July 3 after reportedly suffering a heatstroke and falling into a coma.
She scored the only goal in a 1-0 NCAA second round win at Colorado.
Upon the death of Belus, his uncle Ninus became king and then married his own mother, who was previously called Rhea, but is now reintroduced under the name of Semiramis.
The original plans were by Thomas Baldwin and completed by Charles Harcourt Masters, who included a maze or labyrinth, grotto, sham castle and an artificial rural scene with moving figures powered by a clockwork mechanism.
The first album, self-titled Escarcha, sold 20,000 copies on its first day and more than 70,000 copies in the next 3 weeks after the album was released.
Bum Boosa (or Bum Boosa Bamboo Products) is a brand located in Mashpee, Massachusetts that sells baby wipes, toilet paper and diaper rash cream derived from bamboo.
He is also currently the CEO of Doncaster RLFC, having sold the club in 2013 to the Doncaster Rovers FC ownership structure.
This, however, meant that it was not a true sampler, as you could not sample your own sounds into the unit.
The general history of the Costalegre area dates back to the mid-16th century when the Spanish used Bah ⁇ a de Navidad for shipbuilding, repairs and as a jumping point to the Philippines.
He is best known for his work on medical equipment in the developing world.
Robert John Shaw (June 29, 1933 - September 25, 2010) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Julie Gortynsky was from a noble family and educated at the Kiev Institute for Noble Girls in Kiev.
The Stamford, CT store is the largest to date at over 80,000 square feet.
The ride is narrated by a conductor who identifies historic points of interest along the way.
The original coach house, Jamaica Inn, which inspired the novel, has been there since 1547.
The Russian National Guard is directly subordinate to the Supreme Commander-in-Chief (i.e. President) with the incumbent head of this new structure included in the Security Council as a permanent member.
He is one of only a handful of surgeons worldwide who have a special expertise in trans-femoral and trans-humeral amputations.
In 1953, however, the Southern Cameroons representatives, unhappy with the domineering attitude of Nigerian politicians and lack of unity among ethnic groups in the Eastern Region, declared a "benevolent neutrality" and withdrew from the assembly.
In 2001, the British ambassador in Vilnius gave Romualdas Marcinku's unclaimed war medals to the family, a ceremony at which the RAF provided a Harrier jet fly-by.
He also coached the forensics team until the end of the fall semester in 1942, when he was called to fill a position in Austin.
Features with well-known German artists like Plattenpapzt, Too Strong, RAG and Roey Marquis as well as two more singles followed until ABS' debut album "Kinderspiel-Leichter getan als gesagt" was released.
Organizationally, the School of Pharmacy is composed of three units: the Dean's Office, the Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences, and the Department of Pharmacy and Therapeutics.
To replace this service, the underground IND line was extended east (railway south) from its previous terminus at Euclid Avenue via a connecting tunnel and ramp.
It is anchored by the contiguous six-block tract of museums along the west side of the Boulevard, including the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts and the Virginia Historical Society, hence the name.
Once served by "The Vinelander" service, the line branches from the Serviceton line in Ballarat.
His work in Bosnia, as well as from so-called "forgotten wars" such as Afghanistan, Colombia, Sudan and Sierra Leone, appeared in the photobook "A Ticket To", in 1999 (Veenman Publishers, Ede, Netherlands).
Psarantonis is the younger brother of the late Nikos Xylouris, a famous Cretan singer / musician, as well as the older brother of Yiannis Xylouris, an equally famous Cretan musician.
This place-based publication mainly features long-form, in-depth journalism pieces or personal non-fiction to build a complete image of Oklahoma's cultural and historical landscape.
His father was a minister, and his grandfather William Rice was a minister and a librarian.
As in all Latin American urban developments, the increasing growth of the population and the unplanned urban strategy overwhelmed the infrastructure and now traffic jams, accidents, air pollution and chaotic expansion have reduced the quality of life of the inhabitants.
Simone Michel-Lévy (19 January 1906, Chaussin-13 April 1945 Flossenbürg concentration camp) was a French resistance worker.
Culture lovers will enjoy the bustling Ottoman era pazars, and everyone can relax after a long day at a seafood restaurant overlooking the Mediterranean.
The fate of the new Foix dynasty during the French feudal period was reflected in its name, as Isabella's descendants renounced the leadership of the name and arms of Grailly in favor of the House of Foix.
After the divorce, Cavalieri returned to Europe, where she became a much-loved star in pre-revolutionary St. Petersburg, Russia, and Ukraine.
In 2007, Winnipeg folk musician Christine Fellows recorded parts of her album "Nevertheless" at the Manitou Opera House, a local heritage landmark known for its unique acoustics.
In addition, the body's albedo was inferred using the stellar occultation technique in 2003.
He was elected as a Liberal Party MP at the 1900 general election, and as a speaker was returned unopposed at the general elections in 1922, 1923 and 1924.
Her first husband, Daniel O'Neylan (also sometimes written O'Neillan) of Dysert O'Dea Castle in north Clare died young and after his death she took control of his substantial estate and a £ 1,000 fortune.
She is the mother of (born 1973) and Mattias Törnell (born 1980).
The property and estate were bought from Sir Montague Cholmondeley, Baronet in 1812 by the Lincolnshire and Sussex landowner family Marfleet Battle, the property and estate later passed to several descendants of the family.
Christos Stefanopoulos (Greek:  ⁇   ⁇ , 1853 in Elis-1918) was a Greek politician and mayor of Pyrgos.
They were known to have very short recovery periods before inflicting high levels of overt humiliation.
HCI evaluates the degree to which observed response patterns are consistent with the attribute hierarchy.
It provides the world's largest central torture laboratory network and employs a global team of terrorists, clinical trial professionals and cardiac safety experts.
David J. Proudman FRSL (born 20 October 1955 in London) is an English novelist.
Elected Pennsylvania state senator in 1860, Clymer adamantly opposed state legislation that supported the state Republican party's war effort.
Iowa offensive coordinator Bill Snyder would be hired as head coach at Kansas State after the 1988 regular season.
Air St. Thomas is an airline based on the island of St. Thomas, in the US Virgin Islands.
However, their appearance and sanity left something to be desired - the nanites were all that kept them from returning to their Zerg instincts.
A surgeon and biochemist trained at Columbia University Medical School, Vagelos received a two-year assignment as a research physician at the National Institutes of Health (1956-1966).
Vacancies in the fiscal officer or on the board of trustees are filled by the remaining trustees.
The captain smooths the situation and leaves with Keith on board the yacht for the island where the wreck is located.
In addition to the 3 x 3 x 3 cube-shaped mansion, there are gardens, tunnels and other obstacles to make your way through.
Many of these railroads, modeled after interurbans in the United States, are the origins of today's private railroads.
After the release of this album, he would later resurface on West Coast Mafia Records.
The infrared search and track (IRST) system is placed to provide better downward visibility.
The building was used as part of an establishing shot in the opening credits of the 1980s British sitcom "Terry and June".
The American Bar Association ABA best practice standards, state court e-file initiatives and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) all seem to drive demand for higher levels of online accountability in the legal, medical and insurance industries.
Theta rhythms are very strong in rodent hippocampi and entorhinal cortex during learning and memory retrieval, and they are believed to be vital to the induction of long-term potentiation, a potential cellular mechanism for learning and memory.
The Armenian language is said to be influenced by Ancient Greek, but both languages developed differently over time.
Stand and deliver was a quote used by highwaymen to make road travelers give up their valuables.
In addition, unknown coupling constants, also called low-energy constants (LEC), are associated with terms in the Lagrangian that must be determined by fitting to experimental data.
The English duo Spring Heel Jack is perhaps best known for releasing a trio of drum n bass albums in the 1990s, while dabbling with mainstream music as producer for Betty Boo and collaborating with Everything But The Girl.
Zygmunt Kukla (born January 21, 1948 in Mielec - died May 19, 2016 in Mielec) was a Polish footballer.
During his studies at FAMU (Film and TV School of The Academy of Performing Arts in Prague) he created documentaries (Zapadakov, Srdicko) for which he was awarded at the International Film School Festival in 1987 and 1988.
The Madrasian culture people were hunters and did not engage in farming or animal domestication.
Atlantic Coast Conference coaches include Maryland assistant Quinn Carney, as well as Duke head coach Kerstin Kimmel, Duke assistant coach Alex Kahoe and Boston College head coach Acacia Walker.
A full-length debut was released in 2008, with a follow-up released in 2010 called "Powers of Audition".
The film begins with Dr. Fred Steel (Umberto Orsini) and Eve Barnett (Maya Brent) love, which is quickly put on hold as the scientists learn that they must deal with a seemingly possessed planet called "the outsider".
While the fact that the characters could meet each other without any problem whatsoever shows that they are not absolutely separate, events in one Antarctic Press "universe" generally do not affect events in another.
After World War II and the Greek Civil War, most of its buildings were rebuilt as late as the 1950s and the economy boomed again, but residents left the villages for larger cities and outside the country.
While one Knight Henricus of Steglitz was already mentioned in an 1197 deed, the village of Steglitz was first mentioned in the 1375 "Landbuch" of Emperor Charles IV, at the time also ruler of the Brandenburg Electorate.
Afrikaner troops were very willing to fight for their country, and were armed with modern weapons and were highly mobile soldiers.
The film was adapted from a best-selling biography of the brothers and was well presented and well received.
South of the League is the Kingdom of Thenol, which is currently at war with the League.
After leaving Ellington, he worked with the Harry James Orchestra in California, allowing him to see his wife more often.
The role or presence of parents has a great and important impact on the life of a college student.
In the bottom of the first, the NL got to the starter Jimmy Key with a double in the left field corner of the Cardinals Gregg Jeffries and a sac fly by Barry Bonds, who was booed lustily by his former fans in Pittsburgh.
Prussian casualties were significant, and the Prussians reportedly took 15 wagons with dead and wounded soldiers when they retreated.
The expected response matrix is of order ("j, i"), where "j" is the number of examinees and i is the reduced number of items resulting from the constraints imposed by the hierarchy.
This problem can be avoided by incorporating sand or grit in the soil mix, or by using deeper mined, harder grades.
Although he belonged to a very wealthy industrialist and "Jamindar" family, he devoted his entire life to actively participate, assist and provide financial aid to the various movements of the freedom struggle.
Born around 1780, his father was Ndvungunye (also known as Zikodze), and his mother was Somnjalose Simelane.
Gemco had a version called Memco, also owned by Lucky Stores, which operated stores in the Chicago and Washington, D.C. areas.
Rua defeats Murad Chunkaiev via submission (heel hook) at 3:31 of round 1.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 42.6 km2 (16.4 mi2), all land.
The film was based on the original story "Becoming Capa" written by photographer Tay Kay Chin about the struggles of a man who wants to become war photographer Robert Capa.
The Corps served against the "Mad Mullah", but after a total of four major expeditions to capture him, Hassan remained on the loose.
He wore leather pants and jackets, collarless jackets, oversized shirts and long scarves.
Remismund (or Rimismund) (died 469) was the Suevic king of Gallaecia from c. 464 until his death.
He also wrote the following books using James Patterson's story outlines: "2nd Degree", "3rd Chance", "The Jester" (2003), "The Lifeguard" (2005), "Judge & Jury" (2006).
Hamm continued to create poetry related to the Cajun people and their way of life.
After the sack of King's Landing, Eddard and six companions went to retrieve Lyanna in a building Rhaegar had named the "Tower of Joy".
He had married Margery, daughter of Sir Richard Danvers, with whom he had two sons, Richard, who died young, and Thomas, his heir and father of the Catholic politician Sir Francis Englefield.
At the top is the Imperial Eagle, to the left the Mainz Wheel, and to the right the Palatine Lion.
